Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.


When alerted to an intrusion by tinkling glass or otherwise, 1) Calm
yourself 2) Identify the intruder 3) If hostile, kill him.

Step number 3 is of particular importance.  If you leave the guy alive
out of misguided softheartedness, he will repay your generosity of spirit
by suing you for causing his subsequent paraplegia and seek to force you
to support him for the rest of his rotten life.  In court he will plead
that he was depressed because society had failed him, and that he was
looking for Mother Teresa for comfort and to offer his services to the
poor.  In that lawsuit, you will lose.  If, on the other hand, you kill
him, the most that you can expect is that a relative will bring a wrongful
death action. You will have two advantages: first, there be only your
story; forget Mother Teresa.  Second, even if you lose, how much could
the bum's life be worth anyway?  A lot less than 50 years worth of
paralysis.  Don't play George Bush and Saddam Hussein.  Finish the job.
		-- G. Gordon Liddy's Forbes column on personal security


When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?


Il brilgue: les t^oves libricilleux
	Se gyrent et frillant dans le guave,
Enm^im'es sont les gougebosquex,
	Et le m^omerade horgrave.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


American cars are made shoddily...
Cars made overseas are far superior.
		-- Barry Goldwater


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 to Feb. 18)
	A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath.  Rely
	on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot
	of trouble.  Be relaxed, things will change.  Look for a pink slip on
	payday.  Stop wetting your bed.


The world is a comedy to those who think,
and a tragedy to those who feel.
		-- Horace Walpole


Always store beer in a dark place.


God is really only another artist.  He invented the giraffe, the
elephant and the cat.  He has no real style, He just goes on trying
other things.
		-- Pablo Picasso


Adding sound to movies would be like
putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.
		-- Mary Pickford, actress, 1925


We should have a great many fewer disputes in the world if only words were
taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas only, and not for things
themselves.
		-- John Locke


No Marxist can deny that the interests of socialism are higher
than the interests of the right of nations to self-determination.
		-- Lenin, 1918


My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
		-- The Dragon to Grendel, in John Gardner's "Grendel"


America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.


Bipolar, adj.:
	Refers to someone who has homes in Nome, Alaska, and Buffalo,
New York


I'll meet you... on the dark side of the moon...
		-- Pink Floyd


Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick your
hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as Mental
Anguish.  You would sue:

* The toaster manufacturer, for failure to include, in the instructions
  section that says you should never never never ever stick you hand
  into the toaster, the statement "Not even if your wedding ring falls
  in there".

* The store where you bought the toaster, for selling it to an obvious
  cretin like yourself.

* Union Carbide Corporation, which is not directly responsible in this
  case, but which is feeling so guilty that it would probably send you
  a large cash settlement anyway.
		-- Dave Barry


You know it's Monday when you wake up and it's Tuesday.
		-- Garfield


There is no grief which time does not lessen and soften.


Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
		-- Euripides


On a ship wrecked far out at sea,
The girl said, "I can't seem to pee."
	"Aha!" said the mate,
	"That settles the fate
Of the captain, the pilot, and me."


You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.


Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"


Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when
you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even
worse.
		-- Avery


X-rated movies are all alike -- the only thing
they leave to the imagination is the plot.


QOTD:
	"I've just learned about his illness.  Let's hope it's nothing
	trivial."


Goals... Plans... they're fantasies, they're part of a dream world...
		-- Wally Shawn


Oh, I'm looking over, my dead dog Rover,
That got run over with my mower.
One leg is missing, and one other is gone,
The fourth one is scattered all over the lawn.
It's no use explain'n, the one remaining,
It landed by the kitchen door.
Oh, I'm looking over, my dead dog rover,
that ain't gonna walk no more...
		-- Tune is something about a four-leaf clover


I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on
a sports jacket and take off my brain.


Would it help if I got out and pushed?
		-- Princess Leia Organa


The problem with me is that I am fifty or one hundred years ahead of my
time.  My speed is very fast.  Some ministers have had to drop out of my
government because they could not keep up.
		-- Idi Amin Dada


The Shah of the Empire of Persia
Lay for days in a sexual merger.
	When the nautch asked the Shah,
	"Won't you ever withdraw?"
He replied with a yawn, "It's inertia."


Couples in motion have moments.


If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
		-- Chinese proverb


You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.


Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.


Engineering:	"How will this work?"
Science:	"Why will this work?"
Management:	"When will this work?"
Liberal Arts:	"Do you want fries with that?"


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.


Observe yon plumed biped fine.
To activate its captivation,
Deposit on its termination,
A quantity of particles saline.


	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger


Finagle's Creed:
	Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.


Most people have a furious itch to talk about themselves and are restrained
only by the disinclination of others to listen.  Reserve is an artificial
quality that is developed in most of us as the result of innumerable rebuffs.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


Die, v.:
	To stop sinning suddenly.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen


Sex is great,
Sex is grand,
Sex around here,
Is mostly by hand.


He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
		-- Scottish proverb


	Bill had just returned from a week of honeymooning, and his best
friend asked him how it went.
	"The first night we did it nine times," Bill said.  "The second
night, eight times.  The third night, seven times.  The fourth night, six
times.  The fifth night, five times.  The sixth night, four times, and the
last night, nothing!"
	"Nothing?" his pal asked.  "How come?"
	"Hey, you ever tried putting a marshmallow in a parking meter?"


You could get a new lease on life -- if only you
didn't need the first and last month in advance.


The notes blatted skyward as the rose over the Canada geese, feathered
rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen
bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim,
'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
		-- Winning sentence, 1987 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Q:	How does a WASP propose marriage?
A:	"How would you like to be buried with my people?"


Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.


Never promise more than you can perform.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Concept, n.:
	Any "idea" for which an outside consultant billed you more than
	$25,000.


There was a young man from LeDoux,
Whose limericks stopped at line two.

There was a young man from Verdunne.

	[Actually, there are three limericks in this series, the third one
	 is about some guy named Nero.  If anyone has a copy of it, please
	 mail it to "fortune".  Ed.]


Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
		-- Evan Davis


Love comes in spurts.
		-- Devo, "Please Please"


I'm not proud.


		Answers to Last Fortune's Questions:

(1) None.  (Moses didn't have an ark).
(2) Your mother, by the pigeonhole principle.
(3) I don't know.
(4) Who cares?
(5) 6 (or maybe 4, or else 3).  Mr. Alfred J. Duncan of Podunk,
    Montana, submitted an interesting solution to Problem 5.
(6) There is an interesting solution to this problem on page 1029 of my
    book, which you can pick up for $23.95 at finer bookstores and
    bathroom supply outlets (or 99 cents at the table in front of
    Papyrus Books).


Goldfish:  Two naked people tied and put on a mattress together to make love
"fish fashion" (ie: no hands).  Originally a nineteenth-century bordel joke.
It can be done (if you are the victims, try on your sides from behind).
Venerable party game, but don't play it with strangers, or leave players
unsupervised, even briefly.  There was a nice spoof on this sex stunt in
the movie "Soldier Blue".  A good many women can get an orgasm from this
simply by struggling, especially if you put them in front of a mirror.
Don't both tie yourselves, even if you can manage it -- you might not be
able to get loose.
		-- The Joy of Sex


You can fool some of the people some of the time,
and some of the people all of the time, and that is sufficient.


Hear about...
	the sultan who had ten wives, nine of them had it soft.


Flugg's Law:
	When you need to knock on wood is when you realize
	that the world is composed of vinyl, naugahyde and aluminum.


It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and it's a
pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight into the
sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color.
		-- Voltaire


It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
		-- Grantland Rice


Mixed emotions:
	Watching a bus-load of lawyers plunge off a cliff.
	With five empty seats.


The Microsoft Exchange MTA Stacks service depends on the Microsoft Exchange
System Attendant service which failed to start because of the following
error:

The operation completed successfully.

For more information, see Help and Support Center at
http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp.


Tim and I a hunting went
We found three damsels in a tent,
As they were three, and we were two,
I bucked one and Timbuktu.
		-- the only known poem using the word "Timbuktu"


Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for
the people.
		-- Oscar Wilde


I'm glad I was not born before tea.
		-- Sidney Smith (1771-1845)


I doubt, therefore I might be.


If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Heavy, adj.:
	Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.


Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard
To fetch her poor daughter a dress.
When she got there, the cupboard was bare
And so was her daughter, I guess...


You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.


A wise person makes his own decisions, a weak one obeys public opinion.
		-- Chinese proverb


Dibble's First Law of Sociology:
	Some do, some don't.


With a bushel of apples, you can have
a hell of a time with the doctor's wife.


Impossible, adj.:
	(1) I wouldn't like it and when it happens I won't approve;
	(2) I can't be bothered;
	(3) God can't be bothered.
Meaning (3) may perhaps be valid but the others are 101% whaledreck.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"


Economies of scale:
	The notion that bigger is better.  In particular, that if you want
	a certain amount of computer power, it is much better to buy one
	biggie than a bunch of smallies.  Accepted as an article of faith
	by people who love big machines and all that complexity.  Rejected
	as an article of faith by those who love small machines and all
	those limitations.


With reasonable men I will reason;
with humane men I will plead;
but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
		-- William Lloyd Garrison


You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for
success.  You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits
or white plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume
party disguised as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
		-- Dave Barry, "How to Dress for Real Success"


There are no emotional victims, only volunteers.


	It was in a bar in midtown Manhattan and the Frenchman and the
American were talking about love over some dry Martinis.  "Deed you know,
sir," the Frenchman said, "that een my country thair are 79 different
ways how to make the REAL, passionate luff?"
	"Do tell?" said the American.  "Well, that's amazing.  In this
country there's only one."
	"Just one?" the Frenchman said, condescendingly.  "And what eez
that?"
	"Well, there's a man and a woman, and --"
	"Sacre bleu!!" exclaimed the Frenchman.  "Numbair 80!"


In outer space, nobody can hear you fart.


If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy


If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble
then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real
harm.


What makes you think graduate school
is supposed to be satisfying?
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"


I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in
my body.  Then I realized who was telling me this.
		-- Emo Phillips


Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest
way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
		-- Sinclair Lewis


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Good children always obey.
	Quit acting so childish.
	Boys don't cry.
	If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
	Why do you have to know so much?
	This hurts me more than it hurts you.
	Why?  Because I'm bigger than you.
	Well, you've ruined everything.  Now are you happy?
	Oh, grow up.
	I'm only doing this because I love you.


Olmstead's Law:
	After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.


Viennese Oyster: Lady who can cross her feet behind her head, lying on her
back, of course.  When she has done so, you hold her tightly round each instep
with your full hand and squeeze, lying on her full-length.  Don't try to put
an unsupple partner into this position -- it can't be achieved by brute force.
You can get a very similar sensation -- unique rocking pelvic movement -- with
less expertise if she crosses her ankles on her tummy, knees to shoulders, and
you lie on her crossed ankles with your full weight.  Why "Viennese" we don't
know.  Tolerable for short periods only but gives tremendous genital pressure
for both.
		-- The Joy of Sex


The largest gay community in the U.S. (as a percentage of total population)
is not in San Francisco, but in Iowa Falls, Minnesota (pop. 763), a small
town in which virtually everyone is gay.  In 1976, a group of about 100
gays fleeing persecution in the South settled in the town, and soon won a
majority on the town council.  Ordinances prohibiting heterosexual acts
soon followed.  "After all," said mayor Harry Whalen, "If the Supreme Court
has refused to strike down laws prohibiting homosexual acts, then our
anti-straight laws are equally valid."  Rigorous enforcement of those laws
has resulted in a community that is now almost 100% gay.  Said one long-time
resident: "I've lived here 35 years and didn't want to leave, but I didn't
want to give up sex either.  Then my neighbor Ed came over one night, and
said how about I do it with him, and my wife Millie could do it with his
wife.  Well, I found it wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it was gonna be.
Fact is, I rather like it."


A well-used door needs no oil on its hinges.
A swift-flowing stream does not grow stagnant.
Neither sound nor thoughts can travel through a vacuum.
Software rots if not used.

These are great mysteries.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote.
		-- Grover Cleveland (1905)


The three questions of greatest concern are -- 1. Is it attractive?
2. Is it amusing?  3. Does it know its place?
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


The thought of being President frightens me and I do not think I
want the job.
		-- Ronald Reagan in 1973

Reagan won because he ran against Jimmy Carter.  Had he run unopposed he
would have lost.
		-- Mort Sahl

Ronald Reagan is a triumph of the embalmer's art.
		-- Gore Vidal

Ronald Reagan's platform seems to be: Hey, I'm a big good-looking guy and
I need a lot of sleep.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.

You've got to be careful quoting Ronald Reagan, because when you quote him
accurately it's called mudslinging.
		-- Walter Mondale


Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.


Meteorologist, n.:
	A man who can look in a woman's eyes and predict whether.


What goes up must come down.  But don't expect it to come down
where you can find it.  Murphy's Law applied to Newton's.


	"Hawk, we're going to die."
	"Never say die... and certainly never say we."
		-- M*A*S*H


You couldn't even prove the White House
staff sane beyond a reasonable doubt.
		-- Ed Meese, on the Hinckley verdict


To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
		-- St. Augustine


AAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccckkkkkk!!!!!!!!!
You brute!  Knock before entering a ladies room!


It was New Year's Eve and the house was brightly decorated with holiday
trappings.  The only sound that broke the quiet was the click of Grandma's
knitting needles.  The children; Jane, eight and Mary, five, were seated
in front of a cheerily burning fire, leafing through a picture book.
Tiring of this, they went over to Grandma's rocker.  Jane climbed up on
the arm of the chair and Mary snuggled into Grandma's cozy lap.
	"Tell us a story," begged Mary.
	"Oh," said the old lady, laying aside her knitting and wrapping
her arms around the children.  "What story should I tell you?"
	"Tell us our favorite story," whispered little Jane eagerly.
"About the time you were a hooker in Chicago."


QOTD:
	"I drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying."


There was a man who, every day, would buy a newspaper on the way to work,
glance at the headline, and hand it back to the newsboy.  Day after day the
man would go through this routine.  Finally the newsboy could not stand it
and he asked the man, "Why do you always buy a paper and only look at the
front page before discarding it?"
	The man replied, "I am only interested in the obituaries."
	"But they are on page 21.  You never even unfold the newspaper."
	"Young man," he replied, "the son-of-a-bitch I'm looking for will
be on the front page."
		-- Attributed to FDR


A man is crawling through the Sahara desert when he is approached by another
man riding on a camel.  When the rider gets close enough, the crawling man
whispers through his sun-parched lips, "Water... please... can you give...
water..."
	"I'm sorry," replies the man on the camel, "I don't have any water
with me.  But I'd be delighted to sell you a necktie."
	"Tie?" whispers the man.  "I need *water*."
	"They're only four dollars apiece."
	"I need *water*."
	"Okay, okay, say two for seven dollars."
	"Please!  I need *water*!", says the man.
	"I don't have any water, all I have are ties," replies the salesman,
and he heads off into the distance.
	The man, losing track of time, crawls for what seems like days.
Finally, nearly dead, sun-blind and with his skin peeling and blistering, he
sees a restaurant in the distance.  Summoning the last of his strength he
staggers up to the door and confronts the head waiter.
	"Water... can I get... water," the dying man manages to stammer.
	"I'm sorry, sir, ties required."


It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.


It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips.
		-- Garfield


People respond to people who respond.


I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must
be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember...

Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.


Hey baby!
	How 'bout a brutal face fuck?


It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more
doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of
a new system.  For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit
by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders
in those who would gain by the new ones.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, 1513


I went on to test the program in every way I could devise.  I strained it to
expose its weaknesses.  I ran it for high-mass stars and low-mass stars, for
stars born exceedingly hot and those born relatively cold.  I ran it assuming
the superfluid currents beneath the crust to be absent -- not because I wanted
to know the answer, but because I had developed an intuitive feel for the
answer in this particular case.  Finally I got a run in which the computer
showed the pulsar's temperature to be less than absolute zero.  I had found
an error.  I chased down the error and fixed it.  Now I had improved the
program to the point where it would not run at all.
		-- George Greenstein, "Frozen Star:
		   Of Pulsars, Black Holes and the Fate of Stars"


And on the third day, Christ arose, pushed aside the rock that had served
as the tomb door, and walked again on the earth.
	And as he departed, a passer-by pointed at the door Jesus had left
open.  "What's the matter with you?" he said. "Born in a barn?"


He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation
perfectly delightful.
		-- Sydney Smith


UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.


Houdini escaping from New Jersey!


	Well, this woman went to the butcher shop to get some ham for dinner.
She asked the butcher what kind of ham he recommended, and the butcher said,
"Well ma'am, we got some Damn ham here for $3.50 a pound..."  Needless to
say, she was surprised at the butcher's language!  The butcher, who was
reasonably astute, noticed the alarmed look on the woman's face, and quickly
justified himself.  "No, no, ma'am, I wasn't cursin', the NAME of this here
ham is "Damn ham".  Amused, the woman requested some "Damn ham."
	That night, before dinner, the woman took her husband aside and
explained what had happened at the butcher shop.  He also was amused, and
suggested that they play a joke on their son.  So, at dinner, after grace,
the man turned to his wife and said, "Honey, pass the damn ham."
	Their son looked up, surprised.  "WHOAH!  Dad be gettin' hip!
How 'bout them mother-fuckin' potatoes?"


Gilbert's Discovery:
	Any attempt to use the new super glues results in the two pieces
	sticking to your thumb and index finger rather than to each other.


Meanwhile back at the oasis, the Ay-rabs wuz busy a-eatin' their dates!


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. A beer won't make you go to church.
 2. A beer is more likely to know how to spell "carburetor" than a woman.
 3. A beer doesn't think baseball is stupid simply because the guys spit.
 4. A beer doesn't give a [expletive deleted] if you keep a bunch of
	other beers on the side.
 5. A beer will not call you a sexist pig if you say "Doberman" instead of
	"Doberperson."
 6. A beer won't get a job as a DJ and play 5 straight hours of lesbian
	folk music on yer fave radio station.
 7. A beer understands why The Three Stooges are funny.
 8. A beer won't raise a fuss about a little thing like leaving the
	toilet seat up.
 9. A beer doesn't think that a "three-hundred-fifty cubic-inch V8" is an
	enormous can of vegetable juice.
10. A beer won't smoke in your car.


Politician, n.:
	From the Greek "poly" ("many") and the French "tete" ("head" or
	"face," as in "tete-a-tete": head to head or face to face).
	Hence "polytetien", a person of two or more faces.
		-- Martin Pitt


As you will see, I told them, in no uncertain terms, to see Figure one.
		-- Dave "First Strike" Pare


	It was her wedding night, and the sweet young thing was in a
romantic haze.  "Oh, darling," she sighed, "We're married at last.
It's all like a wonderful dream!"
	Her husband didn't answer.  A few moments passed.  She sighed again
and said, "I'm afraid I'll awake in a moment and find it isn't true."
	Still no response from her spouse.  Another pause and another
sensuous sigh, then, softly, "I just can't believe that I'm really your
wife."
	"Damn it," growled her mate, "as soon as I get this shoelace untied,
you will!"


Two men came before Nasrudin when he was magistrate.  The first man said,
"This man has bitten my ear -- I demand compensation."  The second man said,
"He bit it himself."  Nasrudin withdrew to his chambers, and spent an hour
trying to bite his own ear.  He succeeded only in falling over and bruising
his forehead.  Returning to the courtroom, Nasrudin pronounced, "Examine
the man whose ear was bitten.  If his forehead is bruised, he did it himself
and the case is dismissed.  If his forehead is not bruised, the other man
did it and must pay three silver pieces."


Molecule, n.:
	The ultimate, indivisible unit of matter.  It is distinguished from
	the corpuscle, also the ultimate, indivisible unit of matter, by a
	closer resemblance to the atom, also the ultimate, indivisible unit
	of matter...  The ion differs from the molecule, the corpuscle and
	the atom in that it is an ion...
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
		-- Kin Hubbard


I don't want to live on in my work, I want to live on in my apartment.
		-- Woody Allen


Q:	How did Hellen Keller burn the side of her face?
A:	She answered the iron.

Q:	How did she burn the other side of her face?
A:	They called back.


In my world, there are people in chains and we can ride them like ponies.
		-- Evil Willow, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


	I managed to say, "Sorry," and no more.  I knew that he disliked
me to cry.
	This time he said, watching me, "On some occasions it is better
to weep."
	I put my head down on the table and sobbed, "If only she could come
back; I would be nice."
	Francis said, "You gave her great pleasure always."
	"Oh, not enough."
	"Nobody can give anybody enough."
	"Not ever?"
	"No, not ever.  But one must go on trying."
	"And doesn't one ever value people until they are gone?"
	"Rarely," said Francis.  I went on weeping; I saw how little I had
valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
		-- Pamela Frankau, "The Duchess and the Smugs"


The Dowager Duchess of Spout
Collapsed at the height of a rout;
	She found strength to say
	As they bore her away:
"I should never have taken the trout."
		-- Edward Gorey


Clarke's Third Law:
	Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from
	magic.

G's Third Law:
	In spite of all evidence to the contrary, the entire universe
	is composed of only two basic substances: magic and bullshit.

H's Dictum:
	There is no magic...


Two men look out through the same bars; one sees mud, and one the stars.


Under capitalism, man exploits man.  Under Communism, it's just the
opposite.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Has the great art and mystery of politics no apparent utility? Does it
appear to be unqualifiedly ratty, raffish, sordid, obscene and low down,
and its salient virtuosi a gang of unmitigated scoundrels?  Then let us
not forget its high capacity to soothe and tickle the midriff, its
incomparable services as a maker of entertainment.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
		-- J. P. Morgan on Teddy Roosevelt's safari


Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
		-- Steven Wright


There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it
has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Q:	What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and
	plays like a monkey?
A:	Nothing.


Persistence in one opinion has never been considered
a merit in political leaders.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero, "Ad familiares", 1st century BC


Scratch the average female and you'll find a purring bundle... at the
ready to love and honor, bake a torte and still produce quintuplets.
		-- Edgar Berman


Canonical, adj.:
	The usual or standard state or manner of something.  A true story:
One Bob Sjoberg, new at the MIT AI Lab, expressed some annoyance at the use
of jargon.  Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as
much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in.
Finally, in one conversation, he used the word "canonical" in jargon-like
fashion without thinking.
	Steele: "Aha!  We've finally got you talking jargon too!"
	Stallman: "What did he say?"
	Steele: "He just used `canonical' in the canonical way."


I will not forget you.


Religion is fine, Churchianity sucks.


For those of you how have been looking for evidence that a working
version of "Star Wars" can be built, consider the following proof
offered by Caspar Weinberger:

	"If such a system is so unattainable, why have the Soviets been
	working desperately to get it for over 17 years?"

		-- USA Today, 24 June 1986


