Last week a cop stopped me in my car.  He asked me if I had a police record.
I said, no, but I have the new DEVO album.  Cops have no sense of humor.


A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
		-- Ziggy


Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen


There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


It's better to be pissed off than pissed on.


Too cool to calypso,
Too tough to tango,
Too weird to watusi
		-- The Only Ones


Violence stinks, no matter which end of it you're on.  But now and then
there's nothing left to do but hit the other person over the head with a
frying pan.  Sometimes people are just begging for that frypan, and if we
weaken for a moment and honor their request, we should regard it as
impulsive philanthropy, which we aren't in any position to afford, but
shouldn't regret it too loudly lest we spoil the purity of the deed.
		-- Tom Robbins


Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.


VIRGO (Aug 23 - Sept 22)
	You are the logical type and hate disorder.  This nitpicking is
sickening to your friends.  You are cold and unemotional and sometimes
fall asleep while making love.  Virgos make good bus drivers.


Graduate life -- it's not just a job, it's an indenture.


Time-sharing is the junk-mail part of the computer business.
		-- H. R. J. Grosch (attributed)


The true way goes over a rope which is not stretched at any great
height but just above the ground.  It seems more designed to make
people stumble than to be walked upon.
		-- Franz Kafka


Whether you can hear it or not
The Universe is laughing behind your back
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


George Bernard Shaw once sent two tickets to the opening night of one of
his plays to Winston Churchill with the following note:
	"Bring a friend, if you have one."

Churchill wrote back, returning the two tickets and excused himself as he
had a previous engagement.  He also attached the following:
	"Please send me two tickets for the next night, if there is one."


Like private parts to the Gods are we,
they play with us for their sport.
		-- Lord Melchett (Blackadder 2)


She applies her lipstick in spite of its contents: "greasy rouge,
containing crushed and dried insect corpses for coloring, beeswax
for stiffness, and olive oil to help it flow - the latter having
the unfortunate tendency to go rancid several hours after use.

In 1924 the New York Board of Health considered banning lipstick,
not because it was hazardous to the wearers but because of "the
worry that it might poison the men who kissed the women who wore it."
		-- David Bodanis, "The Secret House"


As the truck driver came flying over the top of a steep hill, he spotted two
figures in his path rolling around in the middle of the road.  The driver blew
his horn and braked frantically, but the couple continued their lovemaking,
oblivious to his warnings.  The truck finally slid to a halt barely three
inches from the pair.  "Are you crazy?" the driver screamed at them.  "You
could have been killed!"
	The man stood up and faced the driver.  "Well, I was coming, she was
coming and you were coming," he panted, "and you were the only one with
brakes."


COMPLEX SYSTEM:
	One with real problems and imaginary profits.


I asked the engineer who designed the communication terminal's keyboards
why these were not manufactured in a central facility, in view of the
small number needed [1 per month] in his factory.  He explained that this
would be contrary to the political concept of local self-sufficiency.
Therefore, each factory needing keyboards, no matter how few, manufactures
them completely, even molding the keypads.
		-- Isaac Auerbach, IEEE "Computer", Nov. 1979


All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.


WARNING!!!
This machine is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need.

A special circuit in the machine called "critical detector" senses the
operator's emotional state in terms of how desperate he/she is to use the
machine.  The "critical detector" then creates a malfunction proportional
to the desperation of the operator.  Threatening the machine with violence
only aggravates the situation.  Likewise, attempts to use another machine
may cause it to malfunction.  They belong to the same union.  Keep cool
and say nice things to the machine.  Nothing else seems to work.

See also: flog(1), tm(1)


Whatever else can be said about sex, it cannot be called a dignified
performance.
		-- Helen Lawrenson


...the most exquisitely squalid hells known to middle-class man:
freshman English at a Midwestern university.
		-- Tom Wolfe


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3

MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET:
	Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and
	tries to make it big on Broadway.  Santa sings and dances his way
	into your heart.


For every human problem, there is a neat,
plain solution -- and it is always wrong.
		-- H. L. Mencken


	If you're like most homeowners, you're afraid that many repairs
around your home are too difficult to tackle.  So, when your furnace
explodes, you call in a so-called professional to fix it.  The
"professional" arrives in a truck with lettering on the sides and
deposits a large quantity of tools and two assistants who spend the
better part of the week in your basement whacking objects at random
with heavy wrenches, after which the "professional" returns and gives
you a bill for slightly more money than it would cost you to run a
successful campaign for the U.S. Senate.
	And that's why you've decided to start doing things yourself.
You figure, "If those guys can fix my furnace, then so can I.  How
difficult can it be?"
	Very difficult.  In fact, most home projects are impossible,
which is why you should do them yourself.  There is no point in paying
other people to screw things up when you can easily screw them up
yourself for far less money.  This article can help you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky


Back in '80 or '81 the workers were rioting in Gdansk and there were fears
that the Soviets would invade Poland to put down the demonstrations.  Foreign
correspondents were curious as to just what the Poles would do if they were
invaded.  They asked, "What will you do if the East Germans invade from the
West and the Soviets invade from the East?  Who will you fight first?"
	To which the Poles replied, "Why, we will fight the Germans first.
Business before pleasure."


	A young couple jumped out of their car and dashed into the park.
They hurriedly found a secluded spot and began to make frenzied, passionate
love.  Shortly thereafter, as they were driving away, the young man turned
to her and said, "If I had known you were a virgin, I'd have taken more time."
	She replied, "If I had known you had more time, I'd have taken off
my pantyhose."


Standards are different for all things, so the standard set by man is by
no means the only "certain" standard.  If you mistake what is relative for
something certain, you have strayed far from the ultimate truth.
		-- Chuang Tzu


The final screw holding up a rackmount server is always possessed by demons.


Woodward's Law:
	A theory is better than its explanation.


I call Christianity the one great curse, the one enormous and innermost
perversion, the one great instinct of revenge, for which no means are
too venomous, too underhand, too underground and too petty -- I call it
the one immortal blemish of mankind.
		-- Fredrich Nietzsche


A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?

And he answered:

It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence.

It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.

It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City to City
upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns have come
to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.

And that is Fate?  said the priest.

Fate ... I thought you said Freight, responded the Master.

That's all right, said the priest.  I wanted to know what Freight was
too.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


	Max told his friend that he'd just as soon not go hiking in the hills.
Said he, "I'm an anti-climb Max."


We are not alone.


I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's
accomplishments.  The front page has nothing but man's failures.
		-- Chief Justice Earl Warren


	A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating
his morning meal.  "I would like to give you this personality test", said
the outsider, "because I want you to be happy."
	Drescher took the paper that was offered him and put it into the
toaster -- "I wish the toaster to be happy too".


The real reason large families benefit society is because at least
a few of the children in the world shouldn't be raised by beginners.


Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to
talk to.  And you just HAVE to watch it.  "Blind, masochistic minority,
crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love
them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."


All this big deal about white collar crime -- what's WRONG with white collar
crime?  Who enjoys his job today?  You?  Me?  Anybody?  The only satisfying
part of any job is coffee break, lunch hour and quitting time.  Years ago
there was at least the hope of improvement -- eventual promotion -- more
important jobs to come.  Once you can be sold the myth that you may make
president of the company you'll hardly ever steal stamps.  But nobody
believes he's going to be president anymore.  The more people change jobs
the more they realize that there is a direct connection between working for
a living and total stupefying boredom.  So why NOT take revenge?  You're not
going to find ME knocking a guy because he pads an expense account and his
home stationery carries the company emblem.  Take away crime from the white
collar worker and you will rob him of his last vestige of job interest.
		-- J. Feiffer


Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest
way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
		-- Sinclair Lewis


Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.


Green's Law of Debate:
Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.


Fly me away to the bright side of the moon ...


In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence ...
in time every post tends to be occupied by an employee who is incompetent
to carry out its duties ... Work is accomplished by those employees who
have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "The Peter Principle"


C Code.
C Code Run.
Run, Code, RUN!
	PLEASE!!!!


External Security:


With reasonable men I will reason;
with humane men I will plead;
but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
		-- William Lloyd Garrison


Programming is an unnatural act.


No Marxist can deny that the interests of socialism are higher
than the interests of the right of nations to self-determination.
		-- Lenin, 1918


Living in New York City gives people real incentives
to want things that nobody else wants.
		-- Andy Warhol


f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd.


Men freely believe that what they wish to desire.
		-- Julius Caesar


There is no such thing as inner peace.  There is only nervousness or death.
Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie...
		-- Stephen Sondheim


A place for everything and everything in its place.
		-- Isabella Mary Beeton, "The Book of Household Management"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to memory management system services.]


If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
		-- Robert Frost


Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels
start closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and
then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas ... with the
music at top volume and at least a pint of ether.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


And this is a table ma'am.  What in essence it consists of is a horizontal
rectilinear plane surface maintained by four vertical columnar supports,
which we call legs.  The tables in this laboratory, ma'am, are as advanced
in design as one will find anywhere in the world.
		-- Michael Frayn, "The Tin Men"


Ginger Snap


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.


	Your home electrical system is basically a bunch of wires that bring
electricity into your home and take if back out before it has a chance to
kill you.  This is called a "circuit".  The most common home electrical
problem is when the circuit is broken by a "circuit breaker"; this causes
the electricity to back up in one of the wires until it bursts out of an
outlet in the form of sparks, which can damage your carpet.  The best way
to avoid broken circuits is to change your fuses regularly.
	Another common problem is that the lights flicker.  This sometimes
means that your electrical system is inadequate, but more often it means
that your home is possessed by demons, in which case you'll need to get a
caulking gun and some caulking.  If you're not sure whether your house is
possessed, see "The Amityville Horror", a fine documentary film based on an
actual book.  Or call in a licensed electrician, who is trained to spot the
signs of demonic possession, such as blood coming down the stairs, enormous
cats on the dinette table, etc.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


As the recent sightings of bumper stickers reading "IN CASE OF RAPTURE, THIS
VEHICLE WILL BE UNMANNED" have created a great deal of confusion, Fortune
offers the following excerpts from the 1989 printing of the State of Maryland
Driver's Handbook:
	If you notice a glorious light in the sky, a sound as of an infinite
choir of unearthly voices, and a host of winged beings descending from the
heavens, do not panic.  If you are on the freeway, move to the shoulder as
soon as it is safe to do so, activate your hazard blinkers, and wait for the
end of the world.  If you are Saved, it is especially important that you do
this BEFORE you are carried to your Eternal Reward, in order that your vehicle
not become a hazard to others.  Remember, Rapture is the number one cause of
automobile accidents during major spiritual upheavals.  You may experience a
feeling of discorporation ("being pulled from one's body") while driving.  To
ensure the safety of your passengers and other drivers, move to the shoulder
as soon as you notice any of the following symptoms:
	-- An overwhelming sense of peace and happiness.
	-- Visions of the faces of deceased family members.
	-- A glorious figure in white, beckoning from the end of a tunnel of
white mist (do not confuse this with traffic control or maintenance officers,
who wear dark blue and safety orange.)
	Once the feeling has passed, inspect your surroundings.  If still in
your car, you have probably suffered a stroke and should have someone drive
you to a hospital at once.  If you find yourself in the Kingdom of God, consult
the local officials for information on local traffic rules and regulations.


Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim


But I find the old notions somehow appealing.  Not that I want to go
back to them -- it is outrageous to have some outer authority tell you
what is proper use and abuse of your own faculties, and it is ludicrous
to hold reason higher than body or feeling.  Still there is something
true and profoundly sane about the belief that acts like murder or
theft or assault violate the doer as well as the done to.  We might
even, if we thought this way, have less crime.  The popular view of
crime, as far as I can deduce it from the movies and television, is
that it is a breaking of a rule by someone who thinks they can get away
with that; implicitly, everyone would like to break the rule, but not
everyone is arrogant enough to imagine they can get away with it.  It
therefore becomes very important for the rule upholders to bring such
arrogance down.
		-- Marilyn French, "The Woman's Room"


XI:
	If the Earth could be made to rotate twice as fast, managers would
	get twice as much done.  If the Earth could be made to rotate twenty
	times as fast, everyone else would get twice as much done since all
	the managers would fly off.
XII:
	It costs a lot to build bad products.
XIII:
	There are many highly successful businesses in the United States.
	There are also many highly paid executives.  The policy is not to
	intermingle the two.
XIV:
	After the year 2015, there will be no airplane crashes.  There will
	be no takeoffs either, because electronics will occupy 100 percent
	of every airplane's weight.
XV:
	The last 10 percent of performance generates one-third of the cost
	and two-thirds of the problems.
		-- Norman Augustine


Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.


Show respect for age.  Drink good Scotch for a change.


I'd rather be led to hell than managed to heaven.


Now I lay me back to sleep.
The speaker's dull; the subject's deep.
If he should stop before I wake,
Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
		-- Anonymous


And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing
what the dictionary says it means, you go to jail.  No exceptions.
		-- David Jones


Enhance, v.:
	To tamper with an image, usually to its detriment.


The New York Times is read by the people who run the country.  The
Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country.
The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive
and running the country ...
		-- Robert J. Woodhead


Q:	What's the difference between a JAP and a baby elephant?
A:	About 10 pounds.

Q:	How do you make them the same?
A:	Force feed the elephant.


Your aim is high and to the right.


A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated.  But an authentic soothsayer
should be shot on sight.  Cassandra did not get half the kicking around
she deserved.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


We know next to nothing about virtually everything.  It is not necessary
to know the origin of the universe; it is necessary to want to know.
Civilization depends not on any particular knowledge, but on the disposition
to crave knowledge.
		-- George Will


Elliptic paraboloids for sale.


Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only
specification is that it should run noiselessly.


A guilty conscience is the mother of invention.
		-- Carolyn Wells


Knucklehead:	"Knock, knock"
Pee Wee:	"Who's there?"
Knucklehead:	"Little ol' lady."
Pee Wee:	"Liddle ol' lady who?"
Knucklehead:	"I didn't know you could yodel"


There's nothing in the middle of the road but yellow stripes and dead
armadillos.
		-- Jim Hightower, Texas Agricultural Commissioner


Alex came home from a business trip to Chicago and found no one home but his
daughter Rose, who was crying bitterly.
	"What's the matter, darling?" asked Alex.
	"Mommy almost died last night," sobbed Rose.
	"That's nonsense," said the father.  "Why do you say that?"
	"Well," said Rose,"you always told us that when we die we'll see God;
so when I heard Mommy moaning last night I rushed to her bedroom and she was
screaming, "Oh God, here I come," and she would have but Uncle Jerry held her
down."


At the heart of science is an essential tension between two seemingly
contradictory attitudes -- an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre
or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny
of all ideas, old and new.  This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep
nonsense.  Of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the
world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism:  The collective
enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the
field on track.
		-- Carl Sagan, "The Fine Art of Baloney Detection"


I'm a creationist; I refuse to believe
that I could have evolved from man.


Real Users hate Real Programmers.


A big store buyer had been on the road for nearly two months.  Each week he
would send his wife a telegram saying,
	"Can't come home yet.  Still buying."
His wife knew that these buying trips usually involved more than business.
She tolerated this particular jaunt for a while, but when the third month
rolled by and she'd still seen nothing of her husband but the weekly telegrams,
she wired him,
	"Better come home.  I'm selling what you're buying."


Save a tree -- kill an ISO working group today.
		-- Jason Zions


The two oldest professions in the world have been ruined by amateurs.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize
the president but is always polite to traffic cops.


To find a friend one must close one eye; to keep him -- two.
		-- Norman Douglas


There is no such thing as fortune.  Try again.


For children, a woman.
For pleasure, a boy.
For sheer ecstasy, a melon.


Close the door, let me give you what you've been waiting for!!


The cruelest of creatures' the crab
With claws that can pinch you or stab,
	And then when you dine
	On crab and white wine
It gets you as well with the tab.


You are here:
		***
		***
	     *********
	      *******
	       *****
		***
		 *

		 But you're not all there.


Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.


The purpose of Physics 7A is to make the engineers realize that they're
not perfect, and to make the rest of the people realize that they're not
engineers.


when i die, i'd like to go peacefully.
in my sleep.
like my grandfather.

not screaming,
like the passengers in his car...


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in James
Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon


A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


QOTD:
	"In the shopping mall of the mind, he's in the toy department."


Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.


And all that the Lorax left here in this mess
was a small pile of rocks with the one word, "unless."
Whatever THAT meant, well, I just couldn't guess.
That was long, long ago, and each day since that day,
I've worried and worried and worried away.
Through the years as my buildings have fallen apart,
I've worried about it with all of my heart.

"BUT," says the Oncler, "now that you're here,
the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear!
UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot,
nothing is going to get better - it's not.
So... CATCH!" cries the Oncler.  He lets something fall.
"It's a truffula seed.  It's the last one of all!

"You're in charge of the last of the truffula seeds.
And truffula trees are what everyone needs.
Plant a new truffula -- treat it with care.
Give it clean water and feed it fresh air.
Grow a forest -- protect it from axes that hack.
Then the Lorax and all of his friends may come back!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "The Lorax"


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


... But if we laugh with derision, we will never understand.  Human
intellectual capacity has not altered for thousands of years so far as we
can tell.  If intelligent people invested intense energy in issues that now
seem foolish to us, then the failure lies in our understanding of their
world, not in their distorted perceptions.  Even the standard example of
ancient nonsense -- the debate about angels on pinheads -- makes sense once
you realize that theologians were not discussing whether five or eighteen
would fit, but whether a pin could house a finite or an infinite number.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Wide Hats and Narrow Minds"


I know of a fortunate Hindu
Who is sought in the towns that he's been to
	By the ladies he knows,
	Who are thrilled to the toes
By the tricks that he makes his foreskin do.


In Seattle, Washington, it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that
is over six feet in length.


If you think sex is a pain in the ass, try a different position.


Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
		-- Hattie McDaniel


It is indeed desirable to be well descended,
but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch


Hear about...
	the cross-eyed shoe fetishist who was always getting off on the
	wrong foot?


When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most
insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are
required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and
exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


COPYING MACHINE:
	A device that shreds paper, flashes mysteriously coded messages,
	and makes duplicates for everyone in the office who isn't
	interested in reading them.


The man who laughs has not yet been told the terrible news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


You wanna play the dozens,
Well, the dozens is a game,
But the way I fuck your mother is an ass-wringing shame!
		-- George Carlin


If people concentrated on the really important things in life,
there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
		-- Doug Larson


Well buggered was a boy named Delpasse
By all of the lads in his class
	He said, with a yawn,
	"Now the novelty's gone
And it's only a pain in the ass."


It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing,
but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
		-- Robert Benchley


Q:	Have you ever been picked up by the fuzz?
A:	No, but I bet it hurts like hell.


An evil mind is a great comfort.


His designs were strictly honourable, as the phrase is: that is, to rob
a lady of her fortune by way of marriage.
		-- Henry Fielding, "Tom Jones"


What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
		-- Nero Wolfe, "The League of Frightened Men"


When Alexander Graham Bell died in 1922, the telephone people
interrupted service for one minute in his honor.  They've been
honoring him intermittently ever since, I believe.
		-- The Grab Bag


What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing
more than man's transparency.
		-- George Nathan


In a bottle, the neck is always at the top.


He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.


There is no realizable power that man cannot, in time, fashion the
tools to attain, nor any power so secure that the naked ape will not
abuse it.  So it is written in the genetic cards -- only physics and
war hold him in check.  And also the wife who wants him home by five,
of course.
		-- Encyclopedia Apocryphia, 1990 ed.


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


PAIN:
	One thing, at least it proves that you're alive!


I had to hit him -- he was starting to make sense.


Anxiety, n.:
	The first time you can't do it a second time.

Panic, n.:
	The second time you can't do it the first time.


FreeBSD: It's 3am at night.  Do you know where your fairings are?


The man and woman make love, attain climax, fall separate.  Then she
whispers, "I'll tell you who I was thinking of if you tell me who you
were thinking of."  Like most sex jokes the origins of the pleasant
exchange are obscure.  But whatever the source, it seldom fails to evoke
a certain awful recognition.
		-- Gore Vidal, "New York Review of Books"


Tyger, Tyger, burning bright		Where the hammer?  Where the chain?
In the forests of the night,		In what furnace was thy brain?
What immortal hand or eye		What the anvil?  What dread grasp
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?	Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

Burnt in distant deeps or skies		When the stars threw down their spears
The cruel fire of thine eyes?		And water'd heaven with their tears
On what wings dare he aspire?		Dare he laugh his work to see?
What the hand dare seize the fire?	Dare he who made the lamb make thee?

And what shoulder & what art		Tyger, Tyger, burning bright
Could twist the sinews of they heart?	In the forests of the night,
And when thy heart began to beat	What immortal hand or eye
What dread hand & what dread feet	Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

Could fetch it from the furnace deep
And in thy horrid ribs dare steep
In the well of sanguine woe?
In what clay & in what mould
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
		-- William Blake, "The Tyger"


Dear Emily:
	How can I choose what groups to post in?
		-- Confused

Dear Confused:
	Pick as many as you can, so that you get the widest audience.  After
all, the net exists to give you an audience.  Ignore those who suggest you
should only use groups where you think the article is highly appropriate.
Pick all groups where anybody might even be slightly interested.
	Always make sure followups go to all the groups.  In the rare event
that you post a followup which contains something original, make sure you
expand the list of groups.  Never include a "Followup-to:" line in the
header, since some people might miss part of the valuable discussion in
the fringe groups.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


My own feelings are perhaps best described by saying that I am
perfectly aware that there is no Royal Road to Mathematics, in other
words, that I have only a very small head and must live with it.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Q:	Why do elephants wear springs on their feet?
A:	So they can jump into trees and rape mice.

Q:	What is the most fearsome sound in the world to a mouse?
A:	BOING!!  BOING!!  BOING!!


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#4

Weddings:
	When reminiscing about weddings, women talk about "the ceremony".
Men talk about "the bachelor party".

Clothes:
	Men don't discard clothes.  The average man still has the gym shirt
he wore in high school.  He thinks a jacket is "just getting broken in" about
the time it develops holes in the elbows.  A man will let new shirts sit on
the shelf in their original packaging for a couple of years before putting
them to use, hoping they'll become more comfortable with age.
	Women think clothes are radioactive, with a half-life of one year.
They exercise precautions to avoid contamination by last year's fashions.


The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.


The greatest remedy for anger is delay.


Lake Erie died for your sins.


If you're a real good kid, I'll give you a piggy-back ride on a
buzz-saw.
		-- W. C. Fields


Olivier's Law:
	Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.


Owe no man any thing...
		-- Romans 13:8


If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three
to a can.


Rogue players do it with all sorts of different animals.


If you're careful enough, nothing
bad or good will ever happen to you.


If God had intended Men to Smoke, He would have put Chimneys in their Heads.


FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #8

	Don't wear your high heels while making love on the pool table.


If you're going to walk on thin ice, you might as well dance.


Pick another fortune cookie.


	"My mother," said the sweet young steno, "says there are some things
a girl should not do before twenty."
	"Your mother is right," said the executive, "I don't like a large
audience, either."


They're unfriendly, which is fortunate, really.  They'd be difficult
to like.
		-- Avon


