A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit,
let alone discuss with prospective clients.  Still, the fact remains that
there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another,
completely immune to any direct magical spell.  It is for this group of
beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club
near your person at all times.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VIII


Agnes' Law:
	Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.


Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for
those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking
up.
		-- Chicago Reader 4/22/83


Horsecrap, little brother.  There's always something more to be done.
Another palm to be greased.  Another back to be scratched.  Another
weak sister to be shored up.
		-- J.R. Ewing


If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast
is a camel's behind.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy
who has cheated some woman out of a divorce.
		-- Don Quinn


Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.


Worst Month of the Year:
	February.  February has only 28 days in it, which means that if
	you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you
	don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


New York is real.  The rest is done with mirrors.


May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may
God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may
he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.


Deflector shields just came on, Captain.


Accidents cause History.

If Sigismund Unbuckle had taken a walk in 1426 and met Wat Tyler, the
Peasant's Revolt would never have happened and the motor car would not
have been invented until 2026, which would have meant that all the oil
could have been used for lamps, thus saving the electric light bulb and
the whale, and nobody would have caught Moby Dick or Billy Budd.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


(null cookie; hope that's ok)


Agree with them now, it will save so much time.


People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.


You will not be elected to public office this year.


The Computer made me do it.


It's lucky you're going so slowly, because
you're going in the wrong direction.


A bar patron returned from the men's room grumbling to himself.
	"What's the trouble, buddy?" the bartender inquired.
	"You got John Wayne toilet paper in there!"
	"What do you mean?" the barkeeper asked.
	"It's rough, it's tough, and it doesn't take shit from nobody."


	"Well," said Programmer, "the customary procedure in such cases is
as follows."
	"What does Crustimoney Proseedcake mean?" said End-user.  "For I am
an End-user of Very Little Brain, and long words bother me."
	"It means the Thing to Do."
	"As long as it means that, I don't mind," said End-user humbly.


You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


The only one of your children who does not grow up and move away
is your husband.


A man is marooned on a desert island with a female sheep and a male Doberman
for companionship.  The animals soon get it on sexually, and all goes well
until the man becomes unbearably horny and makes his move for the ewe, at
which point the dog interposes himself, snarling, fangs bared.  Months later,
a raft drifts into sight.  The sailor swims out, finds a beautiful girl on it,
takes her to shore and feeds and comforts her.
	"You are so good to me," she responds gratefully.  "I'd do absolutely
anything to show my gratitude."
	"Would you?" smiles the sailor as he unfastens the length of rope
that holds up his ragged pants.  "Well, then, here -- use this as a leash
and take that damn dog for a walk!"


Here is a simple experiment that will teach you an important electrical
lesson: On a cool, dry day, scuff your feet along a carpet, then reach
your hand into a friend's mouth and touch one of his dental fillings.
Did you notice how your friend twitched violently and cried out in
pain?  This teaches us that electricity can be a very powerful force,
but we must never use it to hurt others unless we need to learn an
important electrical lesson.

It also teaches us how an electrical circuit works.  When you scuffed
your feet, you picked up batches of "electrons", which are very small
objects that carpet manufacturers weave into carpets so they will
attract dirt.  The electrons travel through your bloodstream and
collect in your finger, where they form a spark that leaps to your
friend's filling, then travels down to his feet and back into the
carpet, thus completing the circuit.

Amazing Electronic Fact: If you scuffed your feet long enough without
touching anything, you would build up so many electrons that your
finger would explode!  But this is nothing to worry about unless you
have carpeting.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Mom's Law:
	When they finally do have to take you to the
	hospital, your underwear won't be clean or new.


(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
	Therefore, all horses are black.


You love peace.


Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins, "The Hobbit"


Remember Darwin; building a better
mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.


Aquavit is also considered useful for medicinal purposes, an essential
ingredient in what I was once told is the Norwegian cure for the common
cold.  You get a bottle, a poster bed, and the brightest colored stocking
cap you can find.  You put the cap on the post at the foot of the bed,
then get into bed and drink aquavit until you can't see the cap.  I've
never tried this, but it sounds as though it should work.
		-- Peter Nelson


A key to the understanding of all religions is that a God's idea of a
good time is a game of Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs.


Politics, like religion, hold up the
torches of martyrdom to the reformers of error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Have no friends not equal to yourself.
		-- Confucius


Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.


Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is
supposed to be doing at the moment.
		-- Robert Benchley


Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.
		-- Frederick Crane


In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
		-- W. C. Fields


She just came in, pounced around this thing with me for a few
years, enjoyed herself, gave it a sort of beautiful quality and
left.  Excited a few men in the meantime.
		-- Patrick Macnee, reminiscing on Diana Rigg's
		   involvement in "The Avengers".


OCCAM'S ERASER:
	The philosophical principle that even the simplest
	solution is bound to have something wrong with it.


Q:	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
A:	A stick.


Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one
likes oneself.
		-- Joan Didion, "On Self Respect"


Virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Denniston

Righteous people terrify me ... virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Aneurin Bevan


Lucy:	Dance, dance, dance.  That is all you ever do.
	Can't you be serious for once?
Snoopy: She is right!  I think I had better think
	of the more important things in life!
	(pause)
	Tomorrow!!


In case of atomic attack, the federal ruling
against prayer in schools will be temporarily canceled.


Gomme's Laws:
	(1) A backscratcher will always find new itches.
	(2) Time accelerates.
	(3) The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.


It's a damn poor mind that can only think of one way to spell a word.
		-- Andrew Jackson


No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon
lectures which are really worth the attending.
		-- Adam Smith, "The Wealth of Nations"


The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new
discoveries, is not "Eureka!" (I found it!) but "That's funny ..."
		-- Isaac Asimov


QOTD:
	"Are you into casual sex, or should I dress up?"


Hideously disfigured by an ancient Indian curse?

		WE CAN HELP!

Call (511) 338-0959 for an immediate appointment.


What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying.
		-- Nikita Khruschev


Andrea: Unhappy the land that has no heroes.
Galileo: No, unhappy the land that _n_e_e_d_s heroes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Life of Galileo"


San Francisco is my kind of city,
Where the women are strong and the men are pretty.


Just what does "it" mean in the sentence, "What time is it?"


It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
		-- Cervantes


The dirty work at political conventions is almost always done in
the grim hours between midnight and dawn.  Hangmen and politicians
work best when the human spirit is at its lowest ebb.
		-- Russell Baker


Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Education and religion are two things not regulated by supply and
demand.  The less of either the people have, the less they want.
		-- Charlotte Observer, 1897


Your code should be more efficient!


Never underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon.


I do not seek the ignorant; the ignorant seek me -- I will instruct them.
I ask nothing but sincerity.  If they come out of habit, they become
tiresome.
		-- I Ching


God is love, but get it in writing.
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and
fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are
drifting side by side to our common doom.
		-- Clarence Darrow


Never offend with style when you can offend with substance.


Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
		-- Oscar Levant


The whole religious complexion of the modern world is due to the
absence from Jerusalem of a lunatic asylum.
		-- Havelock Ellis


	"When you wake up in the morning, Pooh," said Piglet at last,
"what's the first thing you say to yourself?"
	"What's for breakfast?" said Pooh.  "What do you say, Piglet?"
	"I say, I wonder what's going to happen exciting today?" said
Piglet.
	Pooh nodded thoughtfully.  "It's the same thing," he said.


Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.


A jug of wine, a bowl of rice with it;
Earthen vessels
Simply handed in through the window.
There is certainly no blame in this.


This land is made of mountains,
This land is made of mud,
This land has lots of everything,
For me and Elmer Fudd.

This land has lots of trousers,
This land has lots of mousers,
And pussycats to eat them
When the sun goes down.


Chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks.


Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.


There is nothing wrong with writing ... as long as it
is done in private and you wash your hands afterward.


He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.


Blame Saint Andreas -- it's all his fault.


Still a few bugs in the system... Someday I have to tell you about Uncle
Nahum from Maine, who spent years trying to cross a jellyfish with a shad
so he could breed boneless shad.  His experiment backfired too, and he
wound up with bony jellyfish... which was hardly worth the trouble.  There's
very little call for those up there.
		-- Allucquere R. "Sandy" Stone


	Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property
of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane
complexities.  Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to
obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
	Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is
available to anyone.
		-- Tom Weller, "Science Made Stupid"


Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his Frisbee.
		-- Snoopy


A woman can look both moral and exciting -- if she also looks as if it
were quite a struggle.
		-- Edna Ferber


Konrad Lorenz, the great animal behaviorist, was scrupulous about cultivating
fruitful confusion.  Lorenz lived among his research subjects:  dozens of
species of mammals, birds, reptiles, and fishes.  He did not quantify, control,
or consciously experiment.  He got to know each creature individually, then
threw them together, watching for the unexpected, the unusual, or the bizarre
in the chaos that followed.  For example, his interest in one of ethology's
most important concepts, that of intention movements (motions with meaning,
such as the head bobbing in birds that serves as an alarm signal before
flight), derived from an inadvertent experiment.  He had trained a free-flying
raven to eat raw meat from his hand and had been feeding the bird for several
hours one day.  He would reach into his pants pocket and take out a piece of
meat, and the raven would swoop down to grab it in its bill.  By and by, Lorenz
went to relieve himself near a hedge.  When the raven saw him put his hand
into his pants and pull out another morsel of meat, it swooped down, hungrily
grasping the new mouthful in its bill.  Lorenz howled in pain.  But the event
left a deep impression on him -- about how faithfully animals respond to
intention movements, that is.
		-- The Sciences, May/June, 1988, N.Y. Academy of Science


One day a little polar bear cub says to his mother, "Mommy, am I really
a polar bear?"
	"Why of course you are, honey!" his mother replies.  "You live at
the North Pole and you swim under the ice to catch fish.  You play on the
ice floes and you romp through the snow and chase seals.  Of *course* you're
a polar bear.  Why do you ask?"
	"Because," says the little cub, "I'm fuckin' freezing!"


Q:	What do you call a dog with no legs?
A:	What does it matter?  He can't come anyway.

	[I got a dog with no legs -- I call him Cigarette.
		Every night, I take him out for a drag.  Ed.]


A clergical student named Simms
Hums liturgical tunes while he rims:
	A nice piece of ass
	Gets the B-Minor Mass ...
All the others get Anglican hymns.


Some people have parts that are so private
they themselves have no knowledge of them.


There was a man who enjoyed playing golf, and could occasionally put up
with taking in a round with his wife.  One time (with his wife along) he
was having an extremely bad round.  On the 12th hole, he sliced a drive
over by a grounds-keepers' shack.  Although he did not have a clear shot
to the green, his wife noticed that there were two doors on the shack,
and there was a possibility that, if both doors were opened, he might be
able to hit through.  Without hesitation, he instructed his wife to go
around to the other side and open the far door.  Sure enough, this gave
him a clear path to the green.  He stepped up to his ball and prepared
to hit.  His wife had been standing by the far door waiting for him to
hit through.  After a moment, she became curious and stuck her head in
the doorway, to see what he was doing.  At that exact moment, the husband
cracked a three-wood that hit his wife square on the forehead, killing
her instantly.  A few weeks later, the man was playing a round at the same
course, this time with a friend of his.  Once again on the 12th hole, he
sliced his drive to the shack.  His friend suggested that he might be able
to hit through, if he was to open both doors.
	"Nah", replied the man, "Last time I did that I took a 7".


Welcome to the Zoo!


Smile!  You're on Candid Camera.


Harry is heavily into camping, and every year in the late fall, he
makes us all go to Assateague, which is an island on the Atlantic Ocean
famous for its wild horses.  I realize that the concept of wild horses
probably stirs romantic notions in many of you, but this is because you
have never met any wild horses in person.  In person, they are like
enormous hooved rats.  They amble up to your camp site, and their
attitude is: "We're wild horses.  We're going to eat your food, knock
down your tent and poop on your shoes.  We're protected by federal law,
just like Richard Nixon."
		-- Dave Barry, "Tenting Grandpa Bob"


All things dull and ugly, All creatures short and squat,
	All things rude and nasty, The Lord God made the lot;
Each little snake that poisons, Each little wasp that stings,
	He made their brutish venom, He made their horrid wings.
All things sick and cancerous, All evil great and small,
	All things foul and dangerous, The Lord God made them all.
Each nasty little hornet, Each beastly little squid.
	Who made the spikey urchin? Who made the sharks?  He did.
All things scabbed and ulcerous, All pox both great and small.
	Putrid, foul and gangrenous, The Lord God made them all.
		-- Monty Python's Flying Circus


Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.


Progress is impossible without change, and those who
cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Give me enough medals, and I'll win any war.
		-- Napoleon


Better hope you get what you want before you stop wanting it.


Q:	How many DEC repairmen does it take to fix a flat?
A:	Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.

Q:	How long does it take?
A:	It's indeterminate.
	It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.

Q:	What happens if you've got TWO flats?
A:	They replace your generator.


If all be true that I do think,
There be five reasons why one should drink;
Good friends, good wine, or being dry,
Or lest we should be by-and-by,
Or any other reason why.


If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.


Naeser's Law:
	You can make it foolproof, but you can't make it damnfoolproof.


A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.


Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.  According
to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing severe
marketing anxiety in China.

The words "Coca-Cola" translate into Chinese as either (depending on the
inflection) "wax-fattened mare" or "bite the wax tadpole".

Bite the wax tadpole.  There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?

The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard to get
a whole column out of it.  I'd like to teach the world to bite a wax
tadpole.  Coke -- it's the real wax-fattened mare.  Not bad, but broad
satiric vistas do not open up.
		-- John Carrol, San Francisco Chronicle


Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished:
if you're alive, it isn't.


When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
		-- Mark Twain


Well, see, I was out with this chick last night, and we were in bed, and
she groaned to me, "Give me nine inches, and make it hurt!"  So, I fucked
her twice and slapped her.


18th Rule of Friendship:
	A friend will let you hold the ladder while he goes up on the roof
	to install your new aerial, which is the biggest son-of-a-bitch you
	ever saw.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


Did it ever occur to you that fat chance
and slim chance mean the same thing?


AMOEBIT:
	Amoeba/rabbit cross; it can multiply
	and divide at the same time.


Anya:	Look, I know you find me attractive, I've seen you looking
	at my breasts.
Xander:	Nothing personal, but when a guy does that it just means
	his eyes are open.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
		-- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.


If being bi increases your chance of getting a date,
does being poly increase your chance of getting dumped?


Divorce is a game played by lawyers.
		-- Cary Grant


Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, "The moon is more useful
than the sun."
	"Why?", he was asked.
	"Because at night we need the light more."


Crush!  Kill!  Destroy!


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and
without greatness. Those who have greatness within them do not go in
for politics.
		-- Albert Camus


The reason why worry kills more people
than work is that more people worry than work.


Am I ranting?  I hope so.  My ranting gets raves.


I call it the "Madman Theory".  I want the North Vietnamese to believe that
I've reached the point where I might do *anything* to stop the war.  We'll
just slip the word to them that "For God's sake, you know, Nixon is obsessed
about Communism.  We can't restrain him when he's angry -- and he has his
hand on the nuclear button."
		-- Richard M. Nixon


"You are old," said the youth, "one would hardly suppose
	That your eye was as steady as ever;
Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose --
	What made you so awfully clever?"

"I have answered three questions, and that is enough,"
	Said his father.  "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Our business in life is not to succeed
but to continue to fail in high spirits.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


The Supreme Court does it with all deliberate speed.


My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower,
but they were there to meet the boat.


God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's.


The Angels want to wear my red shoes.
		-- E. Costello


One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.


In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending
your left leg, it's modern architecture.
		-- Nancy Banks Smith


Q:	What is green and lives in the ocean?
A:	Moby Pickle.


I've got a very bad feeling about this.
		-- Han Solo


According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never
dies.


