In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice.
In practice, there is.


Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?


Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.


Jim, this is Matty down at Ralph's and Mark's.  Some guy named Angel
Martin just ran up a fifty buck bar tab.  And now he wants to charge it
to you.  You gonna pay it?


Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase!)
Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace,
And saw, within the moonlight in his room,
Making it rich, and like a lily in bloom,
An angel writing in a book of gold.
Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold,
And to the presence in the room he said,
"What writest thou?"  The vision raised its head,
And with a look made of all sweet accord,
Answered, "The names of those who love the Lord."
"And is mine one?" said Abou. "Nay not so,"
Replied the angel.  Abou spoke more low,
But cheerly still; and said, "I pray thee then,
Write me as one that loves his fellow-men."
The angel wrote, and vanished.  The next night
It came again with a great wakening light,
And showed the names whom love of God had blessed,
And lo!  Ben Adhem's name led all the rest.
		-- James Henry Leigh Hunt, "Abou Ben Adhem"


Happiness is a positive cash flow.


Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
We their sons are more worthless than they:
so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Men say of women what pleases them; women do with men what pleases them.
		-- DeSegur


Bershere's Formula for Failure:
	There are only two kinds of people who fail: those who
	listen to nobody... and those who listen to everybody.


SCCS, the source motel!  Programs check in and never check out!
		-- Ken Thompson


'Tis more blessed to give than receive; for example, wedding presents.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.


It was at the eighth annual mouse convention and mice from near and far had
gathered for the ball.  A pretty little female mouse waltzed by the stag
line and one of the males whistled a low, dirty whistle to himself.
Turning to  another mouse he said, "Look at the legs on that bitch, aren't
they beautiful?"
	"Just fair," was the answer.
	"You're crazy," said the first mouse and then turning to another,
asked his opinion.
	"They're nice," said the third mouse, "but nothing to get excited
about."
	"Some mice have no appreciation," exclaimed the first mouse.  "Now
you," he said to a fourth mouse, "what did you think?"
	"To tell you the truth," was the reply, "I'm no authority on legs;
I'm a tit mouse myself."


Do I like getting drunk?  Depends on who's doing the drinking.
		-- Amy Gorin


ALL NEW:
	Parts not interchangeable with previous model.


7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog drinks too much and kicks over the National
	Redwood Forest.


One thing I have no worry about is whether God exists.  But it has
occurred to me that God has Alzheimer's and has forgotten we exist.
		-- Jane Wagner, "The Search for Signs of Intelligent
		   Life in the Universe"


CHRISTIAN:
	One who follows the teachings of Christ in so far
	as they are not inconsistent with a life of sin.


A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate
cake without ketchup and mustard.


The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and
to watch someone else do it wrong without comment.
		-- Theodore H. White


Many a family tree needs trimming.


Cecil, you're my final hope
Of finding out the true Straight Dope
For I have been reading of Schrodinger's cat
But none of my cats are at all like that.
This unusual animal (so it is said)
Is simultaneously alive and dead!
What I don't understand is just why he
Can't be one or the other, unquestionably.
My future now hangs in between eigenstates.
In one I'm enlightened, in the other I ain't.
If *you* understand, Cecil, then show me the way
And rescue my psyche from quantum decay.
But if this queer thing has perplexed even you,
Then I will *_a_n_d* I won't see you in Schrodinger's zoo.
		-- Randy F., Chicago, "The Straight Dope, a compendium
		   of human knowledge" by Cecil Adams


I know what "custody" [of the children] means.  "Get even."  That's all
custody means.  Get even with your old lady.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Hackers have kernel knowledge.


Lady Nancy Astor:
	"Winston, if you were my husband, I'd put poison in your coffee."
Winston Churchill:
	"Nancy, if you were my wife, I'd drink it."

Lady Astor was giving a costume ball and Winston Churchill asked her what
disguise she would recommend for him.  She replied, "Why don't you come
sober, Mr. Prime Minister?"

	During a visit to America, Winston Churchill was invited to a buffet
luncheon at which cold fried chicken was served.  Returning for a second
helping, he asked politely, "May I have some breast?"
	"Mr. Churchill," replied the hostess, "in this country we ask for
white meat or dark meat."  Churchill apologized profusely.
	The following morning, the lady received a magnificent orchid from
her guest of honor.  The accompanying card read: "I would be most obliged if
you would pin this on your white meat."


Never get into fights with ugly people because they have nothing to lose.


I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in
my body.  Then I realized who was telling me this.
		-- Emo Phillips


U:	There's a U -- a Unicorn!
	Run right up and rub its horn.
	Look at all those points you're losing!
	UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


CONFUSION:
	One woman plus one left turn.
EXCITEMENT:
	Two women plus one secret.
BEDLAM:
	Three women plus one bargain.
CHAOS:
	Four women plus one luncheon check.


LIBRA (Sept 23 - Oct 22)
	You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with
reality.  If you are a man, you are more than likely gay.  Chances for
employment and monetary gains are excellent.  Most Libra women are
prostitutes.  All Libra people die of Venereal disease.


Many people write memos to tell you they have nothing to say.


Four men had been playing golf together for twenty years.  After their usual
Saturday game one week, one of the men joined the other three for a post-game
shower for the first time.  His friends were surprised - "For twenty years",
one of them says, "you haven't showered after our game, you've just waited for
us in the clubhouse.  Why the sudden change?"
	"Well", replies their friend, "I was born with a fairly unusual
medical condition.  I had both a penis and a vagina.  Last month I finally
decided to have the vagina removed."
	The other three men look at him in disbelief and disgust.  "You
mean," snaps one of them, "you could have played from the women's tee all
these years?"


One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #25:

Q:  You say you had three men punching at you, kicking you, raping you,
    and you didn't scream?
A:  No ma'am.
Q:  Does that mean you consented?
A:  No, ma'am.  That means I was unconscious.


It has long been known that birds will occasionally build nests in the
manes of horses.  The only known solution to this problem is to sprinkle
baker's yeast in the mane, for, as we all know, yeast is yeast and nest
is nest, and never the mane shall tweet.


Security check: INTRUDER ALERT!


Q:	What's the last thing that goes through a grasshopper's mind when
	he hits your windshield?
A:	His ass.

Q:	What's the second-to-last thing to go through a grasshopper's
	mind when he hits your windshield?
A:	Oh, SHIT!!


Most people want either less corruption
or more of a chance to participate in it.


It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.


Oregano, n.:
	The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.


People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin
Franklin said it first.


People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people
have been left out on the pleasure.
		-- Russell Baker


Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969
judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best. Those who
doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American
history. For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor
at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of
them put it, "We could not now take time for further consideration, our
victuals being spent and especially our beer."
		-- Felton & Fowler's Best, Worst & Most Unusual


Lackland's Laws:
	1. Never be first.
	2. Never be last.
	3. Never volunteer for anything.


It has long been an axiom of mine that the
little things are infinitely the most important.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Case of Identity"


Q:	What's the Blonde's cheer?
A:	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, I'm B.L.O.N... ah, oh well..
	I'm blonde, I'm blonde, yea yea yea...

Q:	What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette?
A:	Artificial intelligence.

Q:	How do you make a blonde's eyes light up?
A:	Shine a flashlight in their ear.


Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.


It's useless to try to hold some people to anything they say while they're
madly in love, drunk, or running for office.


I feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...


Programmers do it bit by bit.


Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in
the world that just don't add up.


Fay: The British police force used to be run by men of integrity.
Truscott: That is a mistake which has been rectified.
		-- Joe Orton, "Loot"


QOTD:
	"I'd never marry a woman who didn't like pizza... I might play
	golf with her, but I wouldn't marry her!"


Art is anything you can get away with.
		-- Marshall McLuhan


Do not read this fortune under penalty of law.
Violators will be prosecuted.
(Penal Code sec. 2.3.2 (II.a.))


Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some
ordinance under which you can be booked.
		-- Robert D. Sprecht, Rand Corp.


The rules are rather simple to understand:  Under democracy you
can defend any view, but only defend it.  You can not try to realize
it through power, violence or weapons.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


	"Why did you spend so much time parked in that fellow's car last
night?" demanded the irate mother.
"I could hear the giggling and squealing for a good half hour."
	"But, Mom," answered her daughter, "if a fellow takes you to the
movies you ought to at least kiss him good night."
	"I thought you went to the Stork Club?" countered the mother.
	"We did."


Genlock, n.:
	Why he stays in the bottle.


He'd kiss and the girls called him Georgie
They'd cry and the girls called him Porgie.
	So he put Spanish fly
	In their pudding and pie
And had the first tiny-tot orgy.


Everything is controlled by a small evil group
to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.


OK, so you're a Ph.D.  Just don't touch anything.


One day on a busy street corner a huge, burly looking man walked up to a police
officer and asks, "Thcuse me offither, can you tell me where thidee-thid, and
thacramento ith?"
	The police officer didn't reply at all, but just looked away.
	The large man then asked again, but still no reply.  After a few more
attempts which the police officer studiously ignored, the frustrated man
walked away.  An onlooking pedestrian then walked up to the officer and asked,
"Officer, why didn't you tell that man where thirty-third and Sacramento was?"  The police officer replied,
	"Thure, thure, and dit the thit ticked out of me!"


Parker's Law:
	Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.


So... if you could choose any nose in the whole wide world,
which one would you pick?


One Bell System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!


I went home with a waitress,
The way I always do.
How I was I to know?
She was with the Russians too.

I was gambling in Havana,
I took a little risk.
Send lawyers, guns, and money,
Dad, get me out of this.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Lawyers, Guns and Money"


Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop


The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems
and solutions we can imagine is very close.  For this reason restricting
language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best
dangerous.
		-- Bjarne Stroustrup


Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


And he climbed with the lad up the Eiffelberg Tower.  "This," cried the Mayor,
"is your town's darkest hour!  The time for all Whos who have blood that is red
to come to the aid of their country!" he said.  "We've GOT to make noises in
greater amounts!  So, open your mouth, lad!  For every voice counts!"  Thus he
spoke as he climbed.  When they got to the top, the lad cleared his throat and
he shouted out, "YOPP!"
	And that Yopp...  That one last small, extra Yopp put it over!
Finally, at last!  From the speck on that clover their voices were heard!
They rang out clear and clean.  And they elephant smiled.  "Do you see what
I mean?" They've proved they ARE persons, no matter how small.  And their
whole world was saved by the smallest of All!"
	"How true!  Yes, how true," said the big kangaroo.  "And, from now
on, you know what I'm planning to do?  From now on, I'm going to protect
them with you!"  And the young kangaroo in her pouch said, "ME TOO!  From
the sun in the summer.  From rain when it's fall-ish, I'm going to protect
them.  No matter how small-ish!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "Horton Hears a Who"


All programmers are optimists.  Perhaps this modern sorcery especially attracts
those who believe in happy endings and fairy godmothers.  Perhaps the hundreds
of nitty frustrations drive away all but those who habitually focus on the end
goal.  Perhaps it is merely that computers are young, programmers are younger,
and the young are always optimists.  But however the selection process works,
the result is indisputable:  "This time it will surely run," or "I just found
the last bug."
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Early to bed and early to rise makes a man a helluva big nuisance.


Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.


	"Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart."
	"Oh, yeah?  What's he look like?"
	"Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and
paper boots."
	"What's he wanted for?"
	"Rustling."


Man's unique agony as a species consists in his perpetual
conflict between the desire to stand out and the need to blend in.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Sticks and stones may break my bones but whips and chains excite me!!!


If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and
over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
		-- Oscar Wilde


DATA:
	Computerspeak for "information".  Properly pronounced
	the way Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.


Washington, D.C: Fifty square miles almost completely surrounded by reality.


Lisp hackers
	... do it in CARS.
	... do it with tail recursion.
	... first do it in the front, then do it in the back.
	... have DEFUN while doing it.
	... have Moby dicks.


In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space
Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways.
Our asymptotes no longer out of phase,
We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician find themselves in an
anecdote, indeed an anecdote quite similar to many that you have no doubt
already heard.  After some observations and rough calculations the
engineer realizes the situation and starts laughing.  A few minutes later
the physicist understands too and chuckles to himself happily as he now
has enough experimental evidence to publish a paper.  This leaves the
mathematician somewhat perplexed, as he had observed right away that he
was the subject of an anecdote, and deduced quite rapidly the presence of
humour from similar anecdotes, but considers this anecdote to be too
trivial a corollary to be significant, let alone funny.


Money isn't everything -- but it's a long way ahead of what comes next.
		-- Sir Edmond Stockdale


Every one says that politicians lie all the time, and that just isn't so!
But you do have to understand body language to know when they're lying and
when they aren't.

	When a politician rubs his nose, he isn't lying.
	When a politician tugs on his ear, he isn't lying.
	When a politician scratches his collar bone, he isn't lying.
	When his mouth starts moving, that's when he's lying!


Nolo contendere:
	A legal term meaning: "I didn't do it, judge, and I'll never do
	it again."


If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had
only ten apostles.


It has long been known that one horse can run faster
than another -- but which one?  Differences are crucial.
		-- Lazarus Long


My advice to the women's clubs of America is to raise more hell and fewer
dahlias.
		-- William Allen White


One dusty July afternoon, somewhere around the turn of the century, Patrick
Malone was in Mulcahey's Bar, bending an elbow with the other street car
conductors from the Brooklyn Traction Company.  While they were discussing the
merits of a local ring hero, the bar goes silent.  Malone turns around to see
his wife, with a face grim as death, stalking to the bar.
	Slapping a four-bit piece down on the bar, she draws herself up to her
full five feet five inches and says to Mulcahey, "Give me what himself has
been havin' all these years."
	Mulcahey looks at Malone, who shrugs, and then back at Margaret Mary
Malone.  He sets out a glass and pours her a triple shot of Rye.  The bar is
totally silent as they watch the woman pick up the glass and knock back the
drink.  She slams the glass down on the bar, gasps, shudders slightly, and
passes out; falling straight back, stiff as a board, saved from sudden contact
with the barroom floor by the ample belly of Seamus Fogerty.
	Sometime later, she comes to on the pool table, a jacket under her
head.  Her bloodshot eyes fell upon her husband, who says, "And all these
years you've been thinkin' I've been enjoying meself."


I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
		-- William F. Buckley


	"How do you know she is a unicorn?" Molly demanded.  "And why
were you afraid to let her touch you?  I saw you.  You were afraid of her."
	"I doubt that I will feel like talking for very long," the cat
replied without rancor.  "I would not waste time in foolishness if I were
you.  As to your first question, no cat out of its first fur can ever be
deceived by appearances.  Unlike human beings, who enjoy them.  As for your
second question --"  Here he faltered, and suddenly became very interested
in washing; nor would he speak until he had licked himself fluffy and then
licked himself smooth again.  Even then he would not look at Molly, but
examined his claws.
	"If she had touched me," he said very softly, "I would have been
hers and not my own, not ever again."
		-- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?


The best thing about being bald is, that, when unexpected
company arrives, all you have to do is straighten your tie.


DEJA VU:
	French., already seen; unoriginal; trite.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.
	Psychol., The illusion of having previously experienced
	something actually being encountered for the first time.


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


We must die because we have known them.
		-- Ptah-hotep, 2000 B.C.


Burnt Sienna.  That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
		-- Ken Weaver


I will not be briefed or debriefed, my underwear is my own.


Even a cabbage may look at a king.


As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?


Delusions are often functional. A mother's opinions about
her children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad
nauseam, keep her from drowning them at birth.


Fourth Law of Thermodynamics:  If the probability of success is not
almost one, it is damn near zero.
		-- David Ellis


No self-made man ever did such a good job
that some woman didn't want to make some alterations.
		-- Kin Hubbard


If Presidents don't do it to their wives, they do it to the country.
		-- Mel Brooks


The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
		-- Abbie Hoffman


Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur.

(Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.)


I'd like to give the world a hug
And tell it jokes and stuff
And pull its pants down to its knees
And chase it through the rough

Then tie it up with bonds and straps
And search its purse for change
Then leave it out at Moose Grin Hall
With our cousin who's deranged ...
		-- National Lampoon, to an old Coke commercial


A toast to the kisses you've snatched and vice-versa.


You are loved by the multitudes.
Have you been to the clinic lately?


If Machiavelli were a programmer, he'd have worked for AT&T.


FORTRAN is a good example of a language
which is easier to parse using ad hoc techniques.
		-- D. Gries
		   [What's good about it?  Ed.]


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #1

In Blythe, California, a city ordinance declares that a person must own
at least two cows before he can wear cowboy boots in public.


When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half
loop?


	Driving through a Swiss city one day, Alfred Hitchcock suddenly
pointed out of the car window and said, "That is the most frightening
sight I have ever seen."  His companion was surprised to see nothing
more alarming than a priest in conversation with a little boy, his hand
on the child's shoulder.  "Run, little boy," cried Hitchcock, leaning
out of the car.  "Run for your life!"


Politics, like religion, hold up the
torches of martyrdom to the reformers of error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


It cannot be seen, cannot be felt,
Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt.
It lies behind starts and under hills,
And empty holes it fills.
It comes first and follows after,
Ends life, kills laughter.


You can't take it with you --
especially when crossing a state line.


Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.


There are a couple of things about her I greatly admire.


Q:	Why did the WASP cross the road?
A:	To get to the middle.


Ducharme's Axiom:
	If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize
	yourself as part of the problem.


XIIdigitation, n.:
	The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made
	by deciphering the Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure
can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly
develop.


Hear about...
	the absent-minded exhibitionist who was arrested for exposing
	his whatchamacalit?


Chicago has journalists' bars, ethnic bars, neighborhood bars, even midget
bars, hundreds, maybe thousands of bars, on every neighborhood block.
I was drinking on afternoon in O'Rourke's, a bar on the Near North side.
It was dark and empty, which suited my mood.  A fat, stubble-bearded,
middle-aged man waddled in, took the stool next to mine, and ordered a
beer.  He was completely unremarkable, except that he was dressed, head
to toe, in a white-lace wedding gown.  After a silence, I said, "Been to
a wedding?"
	He brushed back his veil, rustled his petticoats and said, "Uh...
yeah."
	He silently finished his drink and left.  The bartender said, "You
know, even the transvestites in this town have five o'clock shadows."


Look out!  Behind you!


You may be right, I may be crazy,
But maybe it's a lunatic you're looking for?
		-- Billy Joel


All constants are variables.


Man who keep money in jockstrap has financial matters all balled up.


IT MAKES ME MAD when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about
a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, "You can't throw
that chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish."

Sure they eat fish if that's all you give them!  Man, wise up.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


QOTD:
	"I want a home, a family, an occasional spanking ..."
		-- Kathy Ireland


When users see one GUI as beautiful,
other user interfaces become ugly.
When users see some programs as winners,
other programs become lossage.

Pointers and NULLs reference each other.
High level and assembler depend on each other.
Double and float cast to each other.
High-endian and low-endian define each other.
While and until follow each other.

Therefore the Guru
programs without doing anything
and teaches without saying anything.
Warnings arise and he lets them come;
processes are swapped and he lets them go.
He has but doesn't possess,
acts but doesn't expect.
When his work is done, he deletes it.
That is why it lasts forever.


Don't suspect your friends -- turn them in!
		-- "Brazil"


A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and
observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman.  As
they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump.
	The doctor watches for a while and says: "Keep pumping, men, you may
yet save her!!"
	The mathematician does some calculations and says: "According to my
understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water
from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and
6 feet high."
	The engineer says: "I think she's sitting in a puddle."


The Kosher Dill was invented in 1723 by Joe Kosher and Sam Dill.  It is
the single most popular pickle variety today, enjoyed throughout the free
world by man, woman and child alike.  An astounding 350 billion kosher
dills are eaten each year, averaging out to almost 1/4 pickle per person
per day.  New York Times food critic Mimi Sheraton says "The kosher dill
really changed my life.  I used to enjoy eating McDonald's hamburgers and
drinking Iron City Lite, and then I encountered the kosher dill pickle.
I realized that there was far more to haute cuisine then I'd ever imagined.
And now, just look at me."


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #19:

Q:  Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
A:  All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.


It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.


You should not use your fireplace, because scientists now believe that,
contrary to popular opinion, fireplaces actually remove heat from
houses.  Really, that's what scientists believe.  In fact many
scientists actually use their fireplaces to cool their houses in the
summer.  If you visit a scientist's house on a sultry August day,
you'll find a cheerful fire roaring on the hearth and the scientist
sitting nearby, remarking on how cool he is and drinking heavily.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!


I always pass on good advice.  It is the only thing to do with it.
It is never any good to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "An Ideal Husband"


The future lies ahead.


Sticks and stones may break my bones but whips and chains excite me!!!


I never believed in Santa Claus because I knew no white dude would come
into my neighborhood after dark.
		-- Dick Gregory


Come along and sing a song and join our family.
B & D
S & M
Post to A.S.B.!
Rope and leather, cuffs and cats, and toys from JTT.
B & D
S & M
Post to A.S.B.!
A.S.B.!
	(A.S.B.!)
A.S.B.!
	(A.S.B.!)
Come on now, let's try another tie!
	(Tie! Tie! Tie!)
All the kinky folks are here, and some on IRC.
B & D
S & M
Post on A.S.B.!
		-- To the Mickey Mouse March


Dear Freshman,
	You don't know who I am and frankly shouldn't care, but
unknown to you we have something in common.  We are both rather
prone to mistakes.  I was elected Student Government President by
mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.


You work very hard.  Don't try to think as well.


Remember -- only 10% of anything can be in the top 10%.


When I said "we", officer, I was referring to
myself, the four young ladies, and, of course, the goat.


	The foreman of a lumber camp put a new workman on the circular saw.
As he turned away, he heard the man say, "Ouch!".
	"What happened?"
	"Dunno," replied the man.  "I just stuck out my hand like this, and
-- well, I'll be damned.  There goes another one!"


The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians
who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool
all of the people all of the time.
		-- Franklin Adams


Have a place for everything and keep the thing
somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom.
		-- Mark Twain


What did Mickey Mouse get for Christmas?
A Dan Quayle watch.


You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long
when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to
make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie
chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.


Mustgo, n.:
	Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so
	long it has become a science project.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Champagne don't make me lazy.
Cocaine don't drive me crazy.
Ain't nobody's business but my own.
		-- Taj Mahal


He:	So, what do you say to little fuck?
She:	I say, "get lost, little fuck."


A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.


Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio, replied: "You see, wire
telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.  You pull his tail in New
York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.  Do you understand this?
And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they
receive them there.  The only difference is that there is no cat."


The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be.
Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in
automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
		-- Art Buchwald


Q:	What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
A:	The same middle name.


	"Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention?"
	"To the curious incident of the dog in the night-time."
	"The dog did nothing in the night-time."
	"That was the curious incident," remarked Sherlock Holmes.


Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York
City.  One is "Hey, taxi."  Two is, "What train do I take to get to
Bloomingdale's?"  And three is, "Don't worry.  It's just a flesh wound."
		-- David Letterman


Philadelphia flying fuck, n.:
	Okay, see, he hangs from a chin-up bar with his feet on the arms
	of the rocking chair.  She crouches in the rocking chair pleasuring
	him orally.

	[Note: Personally, we've never tried this.  If you have, or if
	you do, please inform us of the results at Fortune, Box 1597,
	Rockville IL.  Thank you.  Ed.]


The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing,
And surly Winter grimly flies.
Now crystal clear are the falling waters,
And bonnie blue are the sunny skies.
Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning,
The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell:
All creatures joy in the sun's returning,
And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell.

The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer,
The yellow Autumn presses near;
Then in his turn come gloomy Winter,
Till smiling Spring again appear.
Thus seasons dancing, life advancing,
Old Time and Nature their changes tell;
But never ranging, still unchanging,
I adore my bonnie Bell.
		-- Robert Burns, "My Bonnie Bell"


Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?"

In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?"
In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?"
In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?"
In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"


I didn't do it! Nobody saw me do it! Can't prove anything!
		-- Bart Simpson


	An Englishman, a Frenchman and an American are captured by cannibals.
The leader of the tribe comes up to them and says, "Even though you are about
to killed, your deaths will not be in vain.  Every part of your body will be
used.  Your flesh will be eaten, for my people are hungry.  Your hair will be
woven into clothing, for my people are naked.  Your bones will be ground up
and made into medicine, for my people are sick.  Your skin will be stretched
over canoe frames, for my people need transportation.  We are a fair people,
and we offer you a chance to kill yourself with our ceremonial knife."
	The Englishman accepts the knife and yells, "God Save the Queen",
while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The Frenchman removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
"Vive la France", while plunging the knife into his heart.
	The American removes the knife from the fallen body, and yells,
while stabbing himself all over his body, "Here's your lousy canoe!"


What an author likes to write most is his signature on the
back of a cheque.
		-- Brendan Francis


Sex is just one damp thing after another.


Newman's Discovery:
	Your best dreams may not come true;
	fortunately, neither will your worst dreams.


