Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin


While passing a vacant lot late one night, a jogger was stopped by a man who
held a gun to his head.
	"Who are you for," the gunman snarled, "Bush or Dukakis?"
	The runner thought for a moment, shifting nervously from foot to foot,
as the muzzle pressed harder into his temple.
	"Bush or Dukakis?" the mugger insisted.
	Finally, the jogger shrugged his shoulders, closed his eyes and bowed
his head.  "Go ahead and shoot."


Art is a lie which makes us realize the truth.
		-- Picasso


Age, n.:
	That period of life in which we compound for the vices that we
	still cherish by reviling those that we no longer have the
	enterprise to commit.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I would rather say that a desire to drive fast
sports cars is what sets man apart from the animals.


Love is being stupid together.
		-- Paul Valery


The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality
of functions performed by private citizens.
		-- Alexis de Tocqueville


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


Q:	How many IBM 370s does it take to execute a job?
A:	Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.


A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
		-- Carl Sandburg


Patent, v.:
	A method of publicizing inventions so others can copy them.


When one wants to get rid of an unsupportable pressure, one needs hashish.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Torque is cheap.


	God decided to take the devil to court and settle their
differences once and for all.
	When Satan heard of this, he grinned and said, "And just
where do you think you're going to find a lawyer?"


There are a couple of things about her I greatly admire.


New York's got the ways and means;
Just won't let you be.
		-- The Grateful Dead


A clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity.


Many are cold, but few are frozen.


	The man standing at the bar (in court, unfortunately) was well-
dressed, alert and obviously intelligent.  The judge asked him how he
pleaded to the charge of rape and, much to the magistrate's surprise, he
replied, "Not guilty by reason of insanity, your Honor."
	"Insanity?" exclaimed the judge.
	"Yes, sir," said the defendant.  "I'm just crazy about it."


You need not worry about your future.


Said a decadent wench of Bombay:
"This has been a most wonderful day.
	Three cherry tarts,
	At least twenty farts,
Two shits, and a bloody fine lay."


If you didn't have most of your friends,
you wouldn't have most of your problems.


The difference between a career and a job is about 20 hours a week.


If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all His windows.
		-- Yiddish saying


Her figure described a set of parabolas that could cause cardiac arrest
in a yak.
		-- Woody Allen


Be sociable.
Speak to the person next to you in the unemployment line tomorrow.


I'm going to live forever, or die trying!
		-- Spider Robinson


	Hack placidly amidst the noisy printers and remember what prizes there
may be in Science.  As fast as possible get a good terminal on a good system.
Enter your data clearly but always encrypt your results.  And listen to others,
even the dull and ignorant, for they may be your customers.  Avoid loud and
aggressive persons, for they are sales reps.
	If you compare your outputs with those of others, you may be surprised,
for always there will be greater and lesser numbers than you have crunched.
Keep others interested in your career, and try not to fumble; it can be a real
hassle and could change your fortunes in time.
	Exercise system control in your experiments, for the world is full of
bugs.  But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive
for linearity and everywhere papers are full of approximations.  Strive for
proportionality.  Especially, do not faint when it occurs.  Neither be cyclical
about results; for in the face of all data analysis it is sure to be noticed.
	Take with a grain of salt the anomalous data points.  Gracefully pass
them on to the youth at the next desk.  Nurture some mutual funds to shield
you in times of sudden layoffs.  But do not distress yourself with imaginings
-- the real bugs are enough to screw you badly.  Murphy's Law runs the
Universe -- and whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt <Curl>B*n dS = 0.
	Therefore, grab for a piece of the pie, with whatever proposals you
can conceive of to try.  With all the crashed disks, skewed data, and broken
line printers, you can still have a beautiful secretary.  Be linear.  Strive
to stay employed.
		-- Technolorata, "Analog"


Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
		-- Josh Billings


Detroit is Cleveland without the glitter.


The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
		-- Howard Anderson, "Yankee Group"


I wonder what the leash and collar set does for excitement?
		-- Tramp, "Lady and the Tramp"


Monday, n.:
	In Christian countries, the day after the football game.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Q:	What do two WASPs say after making love?
A:	Thank you very much.  It'll never happen again.


Perhaps the biggest disappointments were the ones you expected anyway.


Q:	Why does an elephant have 4 feet?
A:	Because 8 inches isn't enough.


Hear about...
	the new breakfast cereal called "Swingers".  They don't go snap,
	crackle, or pop; they just lie there and go bang, bang, bang?


Hear about...
	the basketball player who was so tall that his girlfriend had to
	go up on him?


Collaboration, n.:
	A literary partnership based on the false assumption that the
	other fellow can spell.


I'm glad that I'm an American,
I'm glad that I am free,
But I wish I were a little doggy,
And McGovern were a tree.


Asked by reporters about his upcoming marriage to a forty-two-year-old
woman, director Roman Polanski told reporters, "The way I look at it,
she's the equivalent of three fourteen-year-olds."
		-- David Letterman


The system will be down for 10 days for preventative maintenance.


The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?


QOTD:
	"I'm not a nerd -- I'm 'socially challenged.'"


The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
		-- Sophocles


If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
		-- Albert Einstein


You say potatoe,
And I say potato.
You say tomatoe,
And I say tomato.
Potatoe, potato,
Tomatoe, tomato.
Let's go be the Vice President...


The startling truth finally became apparent, and it was this: Numbers
written on restaurant checks within the confines of restaurants do not
follow the same mathematical laws as numbers written on any other pieces
of paper in any other parts of the Universe.  This single statement took
the scientific world by storm.  So many mathematical conferences got held
in such good restaurants that many of the finest minds of a generation
died of obesity and heart failure, and the science of mathematics was put
back by years.
		-- Douglas Adams, "Life, The Universe and Everything"


Earl Wiener, 55, a University of Miami professor of management
science, telling the Airline Pilots Association (in jest) about
21st century aircraft:

	"The crew will consist of one pilot and a dog.  The pilot will
	nurture and feed the dog.  The dog will be there to bite the
	pilot if he touches anything.
		-- Fortune, Sept. 26, 1988


It's been so long since I made love I can't even remember who
gets tied up.
		-- Joan Rivers


The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the
text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".


THEORY:
	System of ideas meant to explain something, chosen with a view to
	originality, controversialism, incomprehensibility, and how good
	it will look in print.


Mr. Rockford; Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses.  We got your
renewal before the extended deadline but not your check.  I'm sorry but
at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator.


Q:	What's the difference between a duck and an elephant?
A:	You can't get down off an elephant.


A jug of wine, a bowl of rice with it;
Earthen vessels
Simply handed in through the window.
There is certainly no blame in this.


[Crash programs] fail because they are based on the theory that,
with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby a month.
		-- Wernher von Braun


Love America - or give it back.


The Israelis are the Doberman pinschers of the Middle East.  They
treat the Arabs like postmen.
		-- Franklyn Ajaye


Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.


Philogyny recapitulates erogeny; erogeny recapitulates philogyny.


If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.


If you see an onion ring -- answer it!


	A MODERN FABLE

Aesop's fables and other traditional children's stories involve allegory
far too subtle for the youth of today.  Children need an updated message
with contemporary circumstance and plot line, and short enough to suit
today's minute attention span.

	The Troubled Aardvark

Once upon a time, there was an aardvark whose only pleasure in life was
driving from his suburban bungalow to his job at a large brokerage house
in his brand new 4x4.  He hated his manipulative boss, his conniving and
unethical co-workers, his greedy wife, and his sniveling, spoiled
children.  One day, the aardvark reflected on the meaning of his life and
his career and on the unchecked, catastrophic decline of his nation, its
pathetic excuse for leadership, and the complete ineffectiveness of any
personal effort he could make to change the status quo.  Overcome by a
wave of utter depression and self-doubt, he decided to take the only
course of action that would bring him greater comfort and happiness: he
drove to the mall and bought imported consumer electronics goods.

MORAL OF THE STORY:  Invest in foreign consumer electronics manufacturers.
		-- Tom Annau


So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course
of action.  Here at last was an opportunity to consort with Dirbanu on a
friendly basis -- great Dirbanu which, since it had force fields which Earth
could not duplicate, must of necessity have many other things Earth could
use; mighty Dirbanu before whom we would kneel in supplication (with purely-
for-defense bombs hidden in our pockets) with lowered heads (making invisible
the knife in our teeth) and ask for crumbs from their table (in order to
extrapolate the location of their kitchens).
		-- T. Sturgeon, "The World Well Lost"


Is this really happening?


I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.
		-- Princess Leia Organa


Only two groups of people fall for flattery -- men and women.


Nice guys finish last.
		-- Leo Durocher


If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
		-- Woody Allen


HACKER:
	A master byter.


A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
		-- Lillian Day


Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.


	The problem with engineers is that they tend to cheat in order to
get results.
	The problem with mathematicians is that they tend to work on toy
problems in order to get results
	The problem with program verifiers is that they tend to cheat at
toy problems in order to get results.


Battle, n.:
	A method of untying with the teeth a political knot that
	will not yield to the tongue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.


Goldfish... what stupid animals.  Even Wayne Cody stops
eating before he bursts.


APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection.  It is the language of the
future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation
of coding bums.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


He's not pining, he's passed on!  This parrot won't squawk!  He's
ceased to be!  He's expired, and gone to meet his maker!  It's a
stiff!  No breath of life, he may rest in peace!  If you hadn't nailed
him to the perch, he'd be pushing up the daisies!  He's off the twig!
He's kicked the bucket!  He's curled up his tooties!  He's shuffled off
this mortal world!  He's run down the curtain, and joined the bleed'n
Choir Invincible!  HE'S FUCKING SNUFFED IT!  Vis-a-vi his metabolic
processes is head is lost.  All statements concerning this parrot is no
longer a going concern, after from now on, Inoperative...

		THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!!
		-- Monty Python


There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #8

THE SMURFS AND THE CUISINART (1986)
	The lovable little blue Smurfs encounter a lovable little kitchen
	appliance, which invites them to play.  The Smurfs learn a valuable
	(if sometimes fatal) lesson.

THE SMURFS AND THE CARBON-DIOXIDE INDUSTRIAL LASER (1987)
	The inevitable sequel.  The lovable and somewhat mangled surviving
	Smurfs team up with the Care Bears to encounter a cute, lovable piece
	of high-tech welding equipment, which teaches them the magic of
	becoming rather greasy smoke.  Heartwarming fun for the entire family.


That's where the money was.
		-- Willie Sutton, on being asked why he robbed a bank

It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
		-- Willie Sutton


I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Football combines the two worst features of American life.
It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.
		-- George F. Will, "Men At Work:  The Craft of Baseball"


Heard that the next Space Shuttle is supposed to carry several
Guernsey cows?  It's gonna be the herd shot 'round the world.


