The Least Successful Equal Pay Advertisement
	In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish
Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality
legislation.  The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay
enforcement officer.  The advertisement offered different salary scales for
men and women.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Everything is controlled by a small evil group
to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.


Pray, v.:
	To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled on behalf
	of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


It is considered normal to consecrate virginity in the
general and lust for its destruction in the particular.


A diplomat is man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
		-- Robert Frost


It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods
to Grandmother's condo.


LETTERS TO THE EDITOR (The Times of London)

Dear Sir,

I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or
to the office.  We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in
public places.  They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result
in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn
will cause massive unemployment in the already severely depressed
agricultural industry.

Yours faithfully,
	Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J. P.
	Sevenoaks


Twenty two thousand days.
Twenty two thousand days.
It's not a lot.
It's all you've got.
Twenty two thousand days.
		-- Moody Blues, "Twenty Two Thousand Days"


Fog Lamps, n.:
	Excessively (often obnoxiously) bright lamps mounted on the fronts
	of automobiles; used on dry, clear nights to indicate that the
	driver's brain is in a fog.  See also "Idiot Lights".


Why is Mrs. Carter always on top when she and Jimmy make love?
Because all Jimmy Carter can do is fuck up.


The District of Columbia has a law forbidding you to exert pressure on
a balloon and thereby cause a whistling sound on the streets.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(13) To dictatorships, peace means the absence of opposition.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


When childhood dies, its corpses are called adults.
		-- Brian Aldiss


I think I'll snatch a kiss and flee.
		-- William Shakespeare


Some people live life in the fast lane.
You're in oncoming traffic.


XXVI:
	If a sufficient number of management layers are superimposed on each
	other, it can be assured that disaster is not left to chance.
XXVII:
	Rank does not intimidate hardware.  Neither does the lack of rank.
XXVIII:
	It is better to be the reorganizer than the reorganizee.
XXIX:
	Executives who do not produce successful results hold on to their
	jobs only about five years.  Those who produce effective results
	hang on about half a decade.
XXX:
	By the time the people asking the questions are ready for the answers,
	the people doing the work have lost track of the questions.
		-- Norman Augustine


QOTD:
	"He's so egotistical he yells his own name when he comes."


GIVE UP!!!!


Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently.  Things hitherto
undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
		-- Max Beerbohm, "Mainly on the Air"


Well, you got your mules and you got your racehorses, and you can kick
a mule in the ass all you want, and he's still not gonna be a racehorse.
		-- Billy Martin, "Esquire", May, 1984


I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
		-- Mae West


Bento's Law: If It Can Break, It Will Break
Bento's Corollary: If It Can Break, Kris Can Send Mail About It


Support bacteria -- it's the only culture some people have!


Comparing software engineering to classical engineering assumes that software
has the ability to wear out.  Software typically behaves, or it does not.  It
either works, or it does not.  Software generally does not degrade, abrade,
stretch, twist, or ablate.  To treat it as a physical entity, therefore, is
misapplication of our engineering skills.  Classical engineering deals with
the characteristics of hardware; software engineering should deal with the
characteristics of *software*, and not with hardware or management.
		-- Dan Klein


Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.


Fortune's current rates:

	Answers				.10
	Long answers			.25
	Answers requiring thought	.50
	Correct answers			$1.00

	Dumb looks are still free.


"You are old, Father William," the young man said,
	"All your papers these days look the same;
Those William's would be better unread --
	Do these facts never fill you with shame?"

"In my youth," Father William replied to his son,
	"I wrote wonderful papers galore;
But the great reputation I found that I'd won,
	Made it pointless to think any more."


The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in
bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
		-- Edwin Edwards, Louisian governor


Is this really happening?


No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously
cramp his style.


There's been no top authority saying what marijuana does to you.  I
really don't know that much about it.  I tried it once but it didn't do
anything to me.
		-- John Wayne


The good life was so elusive
It really got me down
I had to regain some confidence
So I got into camouflage


You will contract a rare disease.


Keep your laws off my body!


I don't care what star you're following, get that camel off my front lawn!
		-- Heard in Bethlehem


It is only with the heart one can see clearly;
what is essential is invisible to the eye.
		-- The Fox, "The Little Prince"


The ark lands after The Flood.  Noah lets all the animals out.  Says he, "Go
and multiply."  Several months pass.  Noah decides to check up on the animals.
All are doing fine except a pair of snakes.  "What's the problem?" says Noah.
"Cut down some trees and let us live there", say the snakes.  Noah follows
their advice.  Several more weeks pass.  Noah checks on the snakes again.
Lots of little snakes, everybody is happy.  Noah asks, "Want to tell me how
the trees helped?"  "Certainly", say the snakes. "We're adders, and we need
logs to multiply."


And you can't get any Watney's Red Barrel,
because the bars close every time you're thirsty...


Approximately 80% of our air pollution stems from hydrocarbons
released by vegetation, so let's not go overboard in setting and
enforcing tough emissions standards from man-made sources.
		-- Ronald Reagan


If all the world's economists were laid end to end,
we wouldn't reach a conclusion.
		-- William Baumol


The thrill is here, but it won't last long
You'd better have your fun before it moves along...


America is a large, friendly dog in a very small room.  Every time it
wags its tail, it knocks over a chair.
		-- Arnold Joseph Toynbee


The Analytical Engine weaves Algebraical patterns
just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.
		-- Ada Augusta, Countess of Lovelace, the first programmer


She can kill all your files;
She can freeze with a frown.
And a wave of her hand brings the whole system down.
And she works on her code until ten after three.
She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me.
		-- Apologies to Billy Joel


	Seems George was playing his usual eighteen holes on Saturday
afternoon.  Teeing off from the 17th, he sliced into the rough over near
the edge of the fairway.  Just as he was about to chip out, he noticed a
long funeral procession going past on a nearby street.  Reverently, George
removed his hat and stood at attention until the procession had passed.
Then he continued his game, finishing with a birdie on the eighteenth.
Later, at the clubhouse, a fellow golfer greet George.  "Say, that was a
nice gesture you made today, George.
	"What do you mean?" asked George.
	"Well, it was nice of you to take off your cap and stand
respectfully when that funeral went by," the friend replied.
	"Oh, yes," said George.  "Well, we were married 17 years, you
know."


A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"A well-written program is its own heaven; a poorly-written program
	is its own hell."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


	"Cheshire-Puss," she began, "would you tell me, please, which
way I ought to go from here?"
	"That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said
the Cat.
	"I don't care much where--" said Alice.
	"Then it doesn't matter which way you go," said the Cat.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Hell, n.:
	Truth seen too late.


Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.


Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no
account be allowed to do the job.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


In a five year period we can get one superb programming language.
Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.


	Risch's decision procedure for integration, not surprisingly,
uses a recursion on the number and type of the extensions from the
rational functions needed to represent the integrand.  Although the
algorithm follows and critically depends upon the appropriate structure
of the input, as in the case of multivariate factorization, we cannot
claim that the algorithm is a natural one.  In fact, the creator of
differential algebra, Ritt, committed suicide in the early 1950's,
largely, it is claimed, because few paid attention to his work.  Probably
he would have received more attention had he obtained the algorithm as
well.
		-- Joel Moses, "Algorithms and Complexity", ed. J. F. Traub


Children are natural mimics who act like their parents
despite every effort to teach them good manners.


Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have taken
him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him.  Such an excess
of stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
		-- Samuel Johnson


If your parents don't have kids, neither will you.


Ummm, well, OK.  The network's the network, the computer's the computer.
Sorry for the confusion.
		-- Sun Microsystems


Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a
lamp-post how it feels about dogs.
		-- Christopher Hampton


Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it.
		-- Heisenberg


I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
		-- Schulz


You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
		-- Smile, "Was (Not Was)"


	Mother seemed pleased by my draft notice.  "Just think of all
the people in England, they've chosen you, it's a great honour, son."
	Laughingly I felled her with a right cross.
		-- Spike Milligan


<Daibashiw> Wasn't EMACS originally developed as a swap memory stresser,
though?

<``Erik> lispos emulator? gotta admit it's well featured, the only thing
it lacks is a decent editor


Prunes give you a run for your money.


I think that all good, right thinking people in this country are sick
and tired of being told that all good, right thinking people in this
country are fed up with being told that all good, right thinking people
in this country are fed up with being sick and tired.  I'm certainly
not, and I'm sick and tired of being told that I am.
		-- Monty Python


Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his Frisbee.
		-- Snoopy


I really hate this damned machine
I wish that they would sell it.
It never does quite what I want
But only what I tell it.


Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Planet Claire has pink hair.
All the trees are red.
No one ever dies there.
No one has a head....


Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't,
don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
		-- Joseph Heller, "God Knows"


PROMOTION FROM WITHIN:
	A system of moving incompetents up to the policy-making
	level where they can't foul up operations.


What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
		-- Will Harvey


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


Well, some take delight in the carriages a-rolling,
And some take delight in the hurling and the bowling,
But I take delight in the juice of the barley,
And courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early.


You've got to think about tomorrow!

TOMORROW!  I haven't even prepared for *_y_e_s_t_e_r_d_a_y* yet!


Hear me, my chiefs, I am tired; my heart is sick and sad.
From where the sun now stands I Will Fight No More Forever.
		-- Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce


Drug, n.:
	A substance that, when injected into a rat, produces a scientific
	paper.


Handel's Proverb:
	You can't produce a baby in one month by impregnating 9 women!


We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last
theorem.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Rascal, am I?  Take THAT!
		-- Errol Flynn


There were in this country two very large monopolies.  The larger of
the two had the following record: the Vietnam War, Watergate, double-
digit inflation, fuel and energy shortages, bankrupt airlines, and the
8-cent postcard.  The second was responsible for such things as the
transistor, the solar cell, lasers, synthetic crystals, high fidelity
stereo recording, sound motion pictures, radio astronomy, negative
feedback, magnetic tape, magnetic "bubbles", electronic switching
systems, microwave radio and TV relay systems, information theory, the
first electrical digital computer, and the first communications
satellite.  Guess which one got to tell the other how to run the
telephone business?


Plagiarize, plagiarize,
Let no man's work evade your eyes,
Remember why the good Lord made your eyes,
Don't shade your eyes,
But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize.
Only be sure to call it research.
		-- Tom Lehrer


It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny ...


Pryor's Observation:
	How long you live has nothing to do
	with how long you are going to be dead.


Hear about...
	the 97-year-old prostitute who got herself listed in the Yellow
	Pages and now claims to be the oldest trick in the book?


Q:	How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A:	9 edge down.


[Prime Minister MacDonald] has the gift of compressing the
largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thought.
		-- Winston Churchill


In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.


... which the Minstrel was supposed by some authorities to have composed
beneath the gibbet at Elsdon on the occasion of his hanging, drawing and
quartering for misguidedly climbing into bed with Sir Oswald Capheughton's
wife, Lady Fleur, when that noble lord was not only in it, but in her at
the same time.  Minstrel Flawse's introduction of himself into Sir Oswald
had met with that reaction known as dog-knotting on the part of all
concerned...
I gan noo wha ma organs gan
When oft I lay abed			I should ha' known 'twas never Fleur
So rither hang me upside doon		That smelt so mooch of sweat
Than by ma empty head.			For she was iver sweet and pure
					And iver her purse was wet.
But old Sir Oswald allus stank
Of horse and hound and dung		So hang me noo fra' Elsdon tree
And when I chose to breech his rank	And draw ma innards out
Was barrel to my bung.			That all the wald around may see
					What I have done without.
But ere ye come to draw ma heart
Na do it all so quick			So prick 'em wet or prick 'em dry
But prise the arse of Oswald 'part	'Tis all the same to me
And bring me back ma prick.		I canna wait for him to die
					Afore I have a pee.
		-- Tom Sharpe, "The Ballad of Prick 'Em Dry"


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
		-- Arthur Balfour


Madison's Inquiry:
	If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?


A man sat down next to another passenger on a train recently and couldn't
help overhearing his conversation out the window with a man standing on
the train platform.
	"Thanks for putting me up while I was here, Sam," said the passenger.
	"Glad to do it," said the other man.
	"Thanks for the food and the drinks -- everything was wonderful."
	"It was a pleasure," said the man.
	"And thank your wife, Sam, she was great," said the passenger,
"she was a truly great lay."
	The man was rather taken aback by this exchange and he later turned
to his fellow passenger and said: "Pardon me sir, but did I understand you
to say that your friend's wife was a great lay?"
	"Well," said the other passenger, "I didn't REALLY enjoy it.  But
Sam is a helluva nice guy."


Geometry teaches us to bisex angels.


Well, it's hard for a mere man to believe that woman doesn't have equal
rights.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
		-- Eric Allman, "Sendmail Installation Guide"


The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter.  The batter swang
and missed.  The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter
connected.  He hit a high fly right to the center fielder. The center
fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were
blound by the sun and he dropped it.
		-- Dizzy Dean


The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount
Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant is forever blessed.
		-- Old Japanese proverb


If voting could change the system, it would be illegal.
If not voting could change the system, it would be illegal.


People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.


I'd like to see the government get out of war altogether and leave the
whole field to private industry.
		-- Joseph Heller


Grandpa Charnock's Law:
	You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.

	[I thought it was when your kids learned to drive.  Ed.]


The Universe is populated by stable things.
		-- Richard Dawkins


Idiot Box, n.:
	The part of the envelope that tells a person where to place the
	stamp when they can't quite figure it out for themselves.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Wilner's Observation:
	All conversations with a potato should be conducted in private.


Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone
else is driving.
		-- David Letterman


In specifications, Murphy's Law supersedes Ohm's.


Changing husbands/wives is only changing troubles.
		-- Kathleen Norris


Hatcheck girl:
	"Goodness!  What lovely diamonds!"
Mae West:
	"Goodness had nothin' to do with it, dearie."
		-- "Night After Night", 1932


The VFW represents many who died to give this country a second chance
to make it what it is supposed to be -- God's guest house on earth.
		-- John Wayne


Beware the new TTY code!


It's bad enough that life is a rat-race,
but why do the rats always have to win?


Everyone was born right-handed.
Only the greatest overcome it.


O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2


Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
		-- St. Augustine


People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin
Franklin said it first.


It's a brave man who, when things are at their darkest, can kick back
and party!
		-- Dennis Quaid, "Inner Space"


I've looked at the listing, and it's right!
		-- Joel Halpern


A Hollywood producer calls a friend, another producer on the phone.
	"Hello?" his friend answers.
	"Hi!" says the man.  "This is Bob, how are you doing?"
	"Oh," says the friend, "I'm doing great!  I just sold a screenplay
for two hundred thousand dollars.  I've started a novel adaptation and the
studio advanced me fifty thousand dollars on it.  I also have a television
series coming on next week, and everyone says it's going to be a big hit!
I'm doing *great*!  How are you?"
	"Okay," says the producer, "give me a call when he leaves."


Q:	What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"?
A:	About three inches.


BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.
		-- Seymour Papert


It wasn't exactly a divorce -- I was traded.
		-- Tim Conway


Lucas is the source of many of the components of the legendarily reliable
British automotive electrical systems.  Professionals call the company "The
Prince of Darkness".  Of course, if Lucas were to design and manufacture
nuclear weapons, World War III would never get off the ground.  The British
don't like warm beer any more than the Americans do.  The British drink warm
beer because they have Lucas refrigerators.


A young woman was afflicted with three brothers who had a friendly competition
as to who was the best practical joker.  When she announced her marriage,
like all good brothers, they immediately found out where the honeymoon would
be and repaired there to do their worst, er, best.  The brother who was a
carpenter went first, and came back out in five minutes.  The brother who
worked as a plumber went second and was out in about half an hour.  Finally,
the brother employed as a dentist went inside and came out almost immediately.
A few days after the start of their sister's honeymoon the brothers each
received a telegram from their sister.  It read:

	I liked the couch falling apart when we sat on it.  I was amused
	when the shower went cold five minutes after it started.  But I'm
	going to kill whoever put the novocaine into the KY jelly...


We are giving instruction to FBI agents in the various Chinese
dialects ... to handle present and likely future contingencies.
		-- J. Hoover


Sure banking is Biblical!

How about when Onan received a substantial penalty for early withdrawal?
Or when Pharaoh's daughter went into the bulrushes and came out with a
little prophet?  And it was Moses who led the Children of Israel to the
Banks of the Jordan!


For they starve the frightened little child
Till it weeps both night and day:
And they scourge the weak, and flog the fool,
And gibe the old and grey,
And some grow mad, and all grow bad,
And none a word may say.

Each narrow cell in which we dwell
Is a foul and dark latrine,
And the fetid breath of living Death
Chokes up each grated screen,
And all, but Lust, is turned to dust
In Humanity's machine.

And all men kill the thing they love,
By all let this be heard,
Some do it with a bitter look,
Some with a flattering word,
The coward does it with a kiss,
The brave man with a sword.
		-- Oscar Wilde


It is convenient that there be gods, and,
as it is convenient, let us believe there are.
		-- Publius Ovidius Naso (Ovid)


Some men are heterosexual, and some are bisexual, and some men don't think
about sex at all... they become lawyers.
		-- Woody Allen


	"Are you sure you're not an encyclopedia salesman?"
	"No, Ma'am.  Just a burglar, come to ransack the flat."
		-- Monty Python


How untasteful can you get?


The Vet Who Surprised A Cow
	In the course of his duties in August 1977, a Dutch veterinary
surgeon was required to treat an ailing cow.  To investigate its internal
gases he inserted a tube into that end of the animal not capable of facial
expression and struck a match.  The jet of flame set fire first to some
bales of hay and then to the whole farm causing damage estimate at L45,000.
The vet was later fined L140 for starting a fire in a manner surprising to
the magistrates.  The cow escaped with shock.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Remember, when preparing a dish for bedtime,
champagne is the best tenderizer.


I might have gone to West Point, but I was too proud to speak to a
congressman.
		-- Will Rogers


Laughing at you is like drop kicking a wounded humming bird.


Laugh at your problems:  everybody else does.


Age is a tyrant who forbids,
at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth.


Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.


Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.


Did you hear about the new German microwave oven?
		... Seats 500.


It's not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either.
		-- Kevin White, Mayor of Boston


If all the Chinese simultaneously jumped into the Pacific off a 10 foot
platform erected 10 feet off their coast, it would cause a tidal wave
that would destroy everything in this country west of Nebraska.


Q:	What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer?
A:	A Doberman.


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 to Feb. 18)
	A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath.  Rely
	on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot
	of trouble.  Be relaxed, things will change.  Look for a pink slip on
	payday.  Stop wetting your bed.


