If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a
restaurant.
		-- Snoopy


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


Jack and Jill went up a hill
To fetch a pail of water.
Jack fell down and broke his crown	Jack on Jill produced a thrill
And Jill came tumbling after.		When on the ground he got her,
					Then went down and told the town
					He tumbled Jill and gaffed her.
Jack to Jill thus did such ill
That Jill, to pay the rotter,
Told the town Jack's crown broke down	Jack and Jill have split the bill
When he set out to shaft her.		Since Jack led Jill to totter.
					Half the town deals Jill a frown
					And half greets Jack with laughter.


Marriage always demands the greatest understanding of the art of
insincerity possible between two human beings.
		-- Vicki Baum


The pleasure is transitory, the cost
prohibitive, and the position ridiculous.
		-- Disraeli, on sex


	"Never send a MAN to do a WOMAN'S work!"
	"Why do you think I CAME here?"
	"Not for the good of my ego, that was for damn sure."


Il y avait un plombier, Francois,
Qui plombait sa femme dans le Bois.
	Dit-elle, "Arretez!
	J'entends quelqu'un venait."
Dit le plombier, en plombant, "C'est moi."


There comes a time in the affairs of a man when he
has to take the bull by the tail and face the situation.
		-- W. C. Fields


Depart not from the path which fate has assigned you.


Thought:
	Girls get minks the same way minks get minks!


Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is
when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.


No friendship is so cordial or so delicious as that of girl for girl;
no hatred so intense or immovable as that of woman for woman.
		-- Landor


Things Charles Darwin did not say:

Nah, it's only a theory - I don't think it should be taught in schools.


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
		-- Jeannette Rankin


Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans;
it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
		-- Horace


Sex is like air. It's not important unless you aren't getting any.


We gotta get out of this place,
If it's the last thing we ever do.
		-- The Animals


Unix is a Registered Bell of AT&T Trademark Laboratories.
		-- Donn Seeley


If you love someone, set them free.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.


QOTD:
	"I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD."


The Bulwer-Lytton fiction contest is held ever year at San Jose State
Univ.  by Professor Scott Rice.  It is held in memory of Edward George
Earle Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873), a rather prolific and popular (in his
time) novelist.  He is best known today for having written "The Last
Days of Pompeii."

Whenever Snoopy starts typing his novel from the top of his doghouse,
beginning "It was a dark and stormy night..." he is borrowing from Lord
Bulwer-Lytton.  This was the line that opened his novel, "Paul Clifford,"
written in 1830.  The full line reveals why it is so bad:

	It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents -- except
	at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of
	wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene
	lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty
	flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.


Yes, but which self do you want to be?


Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?  Who knows?  Who cares?


It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is
thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have
drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
		-- William Allen White


There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know
what you're talking about.
		-- John von Neumann


If you put it off long enough, it might go away.


It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.


Never, ever lie to someone you love unless you're
absolutely sure they'll never find out the truth.


She Ain't Much to See, but She Looks Good Through the Bottom of a Glass
If Fingerprints Showed Up On Skin, I Wonder Who's I'd Find On You
I'm Ashamed to be Here, but Not Ashamed Enough to Leave
It's Commode Huggin' Time In The Valley
If You Want to Keep the Beer Real Cold, Put It Next to My Ex-wife's Heart
If You Get the Feeling That I Don't Love You, Feel Again
It's the Bottle Against the Bible in the Battle For Daddy's Soul
My Wife Ran Off With My Best Friend, And I Sure Miss Him
Don't Cut Any More Wood, Baby, 'Cause I'll Be Comin' Home With A Load
I Loved Her Face, But I Left Her Behind For You
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles


Courage is your greatest present need.


Most people eat as though they were fattening themselves for market.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


He knows not how to know who knows not also how to unknow.
		-- Sir Richard Burton


I don't get no respect.


A woman, especially if she have the misfortune
of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
		-- Jane Austen


To err is human.
To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.


Wet dream, n.:
	Overnight sensation.


I was appalled by this story of the destruction of a member of a valued
endangered species.  It's all very well to celebrate the practicality of
pigs by ennobling the porcine sibling who constructed his home out of
bricks and mortar.  But to wantonly destroy a wolf, even one with an
excessive taste for porkers, is unconscionable in these ecologically
critical times when both man and his domestic beasts continue to maraud
the earth.
		Sylvia Kamerman, "Book Reviewing"


In 1989, the United States, which was displeased with the policies of the
dictator of Panama, invaded that country and placed in power a government
more to its liking.

In 1990, Iraq, which was displeased with the policies of the dictator of
Kuwait, invaded that country and placed in power a government more to its
liking.


If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Did you know the University of Iowa
closed down after someone stole the book?


The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she
knows that the average man can see much better than he can think.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal


When man calls an animal "vicious", he usually means that it
will attempt to defend itself when he tries to kill it.


Why don't you fix your little problem... and light this candle?
		-- Alan Shepard, the first American into space, Gemini program


Carswell's Corollary:
	Whenever man comes up with a better mousetrap,
	nature invariably comes up with a better mouse.


	"I'll tell ya, Jeb," Wilbur said to his friend, "the tractor
business ain't doin' too well.  I ain't sold one all month.
	"You think you've got problems?" Jeb replied.  "The other day, I went
out to milk Daisy, when she swatted me in the face with her tail, like she
always does.  So I took some twine and tied it to the rafters.  When I sat
down again, she kicked me like she always does.  So I tied her leg to the
side of the stall.  When I started to sit down again, I could see her taking
aim with her other leg, so I tied it to the other side of the stall.  And I'll
tell you what," he continued with a sigh, "if you can convince my wife I was
gonna *milk* that cow, I'll buy a tractor from you!"


There was a young man hitchhiking along a road one day.  A car stopped and the
driver opened the door and asked, "What political party are you with?"
	He replied, "Why, I'm a Democrat."
	And the driver slammed the door and rode off.  The guy was pretty
discouraged when another car came along, and the driver asked the same
question.
	The guy answered, "Uh, I'm a Democrat."
	And again, the driver slammed the door and rode off.  Now he was
downright confused when another car came along.  The driver was an attractive
lady, and she asked the same question.
	He answered: "I'm a Republican."
	And she answered, "Well, then, hop on in."
	They drove on for a few minutes when he began to notice that her
skirt was beginning to get hiked up on her thighs.  Finally, he couldn't take
it any more, and said "Ma'am, stop the car and let me out.  I've only been
a Republican for 15 minutes, and already I feel like screwing someone!"


If you are smart enough to know that you're not
smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.


The knowledge that makes us cherish
innocence makes innocence unattainable.
		-- Irving Howe


Professor Gorden Newell threw another shutout in last week's Chem Eng. 130
midterm.  Once again a student did not receive a single point on his exam.
Newell has now tossed 5 shutouts this quarter.  Newell's earned exam average
has now dropped to a phenomenal 30%.


What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.


Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.


Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.


The sergeant walked into the shower and caught me giving myself a
dishonorable discharge.  Without missing a beat, I said, "It's my dick
and I can wash it as fast as I want!"


The wind doth taste so bitter sweet,
	Like Jaspar wine and sugar,
It must have blown through someone's feet,
	Like those of Caspar Weinberger.
		-- P. Opus


ACCEPTANCE TESTING:
	An unsuccessful attempt to find bugs.


Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with
our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process...


Some circumstantial evidence is very strong,
as when you find a trout in the milk.
		-- Thoreau


You will never amount to much.
		-- Munich Schoolmaster, to Albert Einstein, age 10


I sent a message to another time,
But as the days unwind -- this I just can't believe,
I sent a message to another plane,
Maybe it's all a game -- but this I just can't conceive.
...
I met someone who looks at lot like you,
She does the things you do, but she is an IBM.
She's only programmed to be very nice,
But she's as cold as ice, whenever I get too near,
She tells me that she likes me very much,
But when I try to touch, she makes it all too clear.
...
I realize that it must seem so strange,
That time has rearranged, but time has the final word,
She knows I think of you, she reads my mind,
She tries to be unkind, she knows nothing of our world.
		-- ELO, "Yours Truly, 2095"


It takes little strain and no art
To bang out an echoing fart.
	The reaction is hearty
	When you fart at a party,
But the sensitive persons depart.


A Mormon is a man that has the bad taste and the religion to do what a
good many other people are restrained from doing by conscientious
scruples and the police.
		-- Mr. Dooley


If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you
don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology.
		-- Bruce Schneier


Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


Fortune's Guide to Movies:
G:   No girl.
PG:  The hero gets the girl.
R:   The bad guy gets the girl, then the good guy gets the girl.
X:   The hero still gets the girl in the end, but he's never sure
	which end it will be.
XXX: Everybody gets the girl.


Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism
in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with
the ignorance of the community.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Whoever named it "necking" was a poor judge of anatomy.
		-- Groucho Marx


Life may have no meaning, or, even worse,
it may have a meaning of which you disapprove.


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #3.

Kie estas la plej proksima masa^gejo?	Where's the nearest massage parlor?
Vi dolorigas min.			You're hurting me.
Mi deziras viziti usonan kuraciston.	I want to see an American doctor.
Mi deziras a^ceti kontraugraveda^jojn.	I would like to buy some
						contraceptives.
^Cu tiu estis ankau bona por ci?	Was it good for you too?


Peter's Law of Substitution:
	Look after the molehills, and the
	mountains will look after themselves.

Peter's Principle of Success:
	Get up one time more than you're knocked down.

Peter's Principle:
	In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to the level of
	his incompetence.


Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth,
And danced the skies on laughter silvered wings;
Sunward I've climbed and joined the tumbling mirth
Of sun-split clouds and done a hundred things
You have not dreamed of --
Wheeled and soared and swung
High in the sunlit silence.
Hovering there
I've chased the shouting wind along and flung
My eager craft through footless halls of air.
Up, up along delirious, burning blue
I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace,
Where never lark, or even eagle flew;
And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod
The high untrespassed sanctity of space,
Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
		-- John Gillespie Magee, Jr., "High Flight"


A man can sleep around, no questions asked, but if a woman makes nineteen
or twenty mistakes she's a tramp.
		-- Joan Rivers


My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.


Earth is a beta site.


In 1914, the first crossword puzzle was printed in a newspaper.  The
creator received $4000 down ... and $3000 across.


Two percent of zero is almost nothing.


There are running jobs.
Why don't you go chase them?


	He had been bitten by a dog, but didn't give it much thought
until he noticed that the wound was taking a remarkably long time to
heal.  Finally, he consulted a doctor who took one look at it and
ordered the dog brought in.  Just as he had suspected, the dog had
rabies.  Since it was too late to give the patient serum, the doctor
felt he had to prepare him for the worst.  The poor man sat down at the
doctor's desk and began to write.  His physician tried to comfort him.
"Perhaps it won't be so bad," he said. "You needn't make out your will
right now."
	"I'm not making out any will," relied the man.  "I'm just writing
out a list of people I'm going to bite!"


Parsley is gharsley.
		-- Ogden Nash


Shit happens.


I used to think I was a child; now I think I am an adult -- not because
I no longer do childish things, but because those I call adults are no
more mature than I am.


I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable
to sit still in a room.
		-- Blaise Pascal


If you lose a son you can always get another,
but there's only one Maltese Falcon.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.


	Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermont noted
in January, 1966, "I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.  I think we need more
owls."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


Five bicycles make a Volkswagen, seven make a truck.
		-- Adolfo Guzman


Chapter 2:  Newtonian Growth and Decay

	The growth-decay formulas were developed in the trivial fashion by
Isaac Newton's famous brother Phigg.  His idea was to provide an equation
that would describe a quantity that would dwindle and dwindle, but never
quite reach zero.  Historically, he was merely trying to work out his
mortgage.  Another versatile equation also emerged, one which would define
a function that would continue to grow, but never reach unity.  This equation
can be applied to charging capacitors, over-damped springs, and the human
race in general.


I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park
there's nothing else to do.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Cleveland still lives.  God MUST be dead.


Hand, n.:
	A singular instrument worn at the end of a human arm and
	commonly thrust into somebody's pocket.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
		-- Bert Whitney


APPENDIX:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.


God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.


I'm really enjoying not talking to you...
Let's not talk again REAL soon...


GIVE UP!!!!


Readers Ask:
	Is it possible to kill a vampire with a gun?

Vampires are a source of great irritation to the average homeowner and it is
usually to one's advantage to remove these pests as rapidly as possible.  If
a professional exterminator specializing in the undead is unavailable, it is
possible to handle the situation with common household items.  However, much
of the common folklore of vanquishing the undead needs clarifying.  First,
driving a sharpened Louisville Slugger through a vampire's heart will NOT kill
it.  Since it's not quite alive, why would the heart be any different than
puncturing it in the, for example, left buttock?  Stake driving should be
avoided at any cost since its effect will be to terribly annoy the vampire,
and the last thing you want on your hands is an irate Lord of Darkness.
Handguns are also a definite no-no.  Common sense indicates that it requires
more to defeat an incarnation of evil than hurling lumps of lead or silver
through its body.  One time-honored method is to expose the vampire to the
sun, sever its head (any power saw should be sufficient), fill its mouth with
holy wafers (vanilla wafers over which the Lord's prayer has been read will
do in a pinch), immerse the head in an urn filled with holy water, place the
urn in consecrated lands and bury the rest of the body underneath a crossroad
(i.e. the intersection of Broad & Chestnut).  Sure, it's a lot of work.  But
you'll never have to worry about those damn bats pestering the neighbors again.


San Francisco is my kind of city,
Where the women are strong and the men are pretty.


Lisp Users:
Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.


If only you knew she loved you, you could
face the uncertainty of whether you love her.


Everyone:	"Australia, Australia, Australia, Australia, we love you,
		Amen!"
Bruce:		"Another two!  (Bottles opening.)  Any questions?"
Bruce:		"New-Bruce, are you a Poofter?"
Bruce:		"Are you a Poofter?"
New-Bruce:	"No!"
Bruce:		"No.  Right, I just want to remind you of the faculty rules:
	Rule One!"
Everyone:	"NO POOFTERS!"
Bruce:		"Rule Two, no member of the faculty is to maltreat the Abbos
	in any way at all -- if there's anybody watching.  Rule Three?"
Everyone:	"NO POOFTERS!"
Bruce:		"Rule Four, now this term, I don't want to catch anybody not
	drinking.  Rule Five..."
Everyone:	"NO POOFTERS!"
Bruce:		"Rule Six, there is NO... Rule Six.  Rule Seven..."
Everyone:	"NO POOFTERS!"
Bruce:		"Right, that concludes the readin' of the rules, Bruce.  This
	here's the wattle, the emblem of our land. You can stick it in a
	bottle, you can hold it in your hand.  Amen!
		-- Monty Python


Being in politics is like being a football coach.  You have to be smart
enough to understand the game and dumb enough to think it's important.
		-- Eugene McCarthy


Rev. Jim:	What does an amber light mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What...   does...  an...  amber...  light...  mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What....     does....     an....     amber....     light....


Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.


	After the Children of Israel had wandered for thirty-nine years in
	the wilderness, Ferdinand Feghoot arrived to make sure that they
would finally find and enter the Promised Land.  With him, he brought his
favorite robot, faithful old Yewtoo Artoo, to carry his gear and do assorted
camp chores.
	The Israelites soon got over their initial fear of the robot and,
	as the months passed, became very fond of him.  Patriarchs took to
discussing abstruse theological problems with him, and each evening the
children all gathered to hear the many stories with which he was programmed.
Therefore it came as a great shock to them when, just as their journey was
ending, he abruptly wore out.  Even Feghoot couldn't console them.
	"It may be true, Ferdinand Feghoot," said Moses, "that our friend
Yewtoo Artoo was soulless, but we cannot believe it.  He must be properly
interred.  We cannot embalm him as do the Egyptians.  Nor have we wood for
a coffin.  But I do have a most splendid skin from one of Pharoah's own
cattle.  We shall bury him in it."
	Feghoot agreed.  "Yes, let this be his last rusting place." "Rusting?"
	Moses cried. "Not in this dreadful dry desert!"
	"Ah!" sighed Ferdinand Feghoot, shedding a tear, "I fear you do not
realize the full significance of Pharoah's oxhide!"
		-- Grendel Briarton "Through Time & Space With Ferdinand
		   Feghoot!"


	A novel approach is to remove all power from the system, which
removes most system overhead so that resources can be fully devoted to
doing nothing.  Benchmarks on this technique are promising; tremendous
amounts of nothing can be produced in this manner.  Certain hardware
limitations can limit the speed of this method, especially in the
larger systems which require a more involved & less efficient
power-down sequence.
	An alternate approach is to pull the main breaker for the
building, which seems to provide even more nothing, but in truth has
bugs in it, since it usually inhibits the systems which keep the beer
cool.


There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away
from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; or someone
loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor.


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. Beer understands the difference between shooting down an unidentified
	aircraft in a war zone and blowing a Korean airliner out of the sky.
 2. A beer would never own a car with an automatic transmission.
 3. A beer never fishes for compliments.
 4. Beer tastes good.
 5. A beer can enjoy an evening of watching "Johnny-the-Wadd-Holmes' Greatest
	Hits" as much as you do.
 6. An ice-cold beer will nonetheless let you have your way with it.
 7. A beer won't ask you to pick up some tampons when you go to the store.
 8. Beer never asks you to change the station.
 9. A beer won't fill up your 'Vette with 85-octane gas because it's twenty
	cents less expensive.
10. A beer won't make you eat experimental vegetarian meals that taste
	like grass.


Try not.
Do.
Or do not.
There is no try.


She was only:
	a coal digger's daughter, but she'll always be mine.
	a statistician's daughter, but she knew all the standard deviations.
	a wrestler's daughter, but you should have seen her box.
	a moonshiner's daughter, but I loved her still.
	a chimney sweep's daughter, but she sure knew how to haul ash.
	a fireman's daughter, but her face was a cause for alarm.
	a banker's daughter, but she opened her drawers for cash.


Shhh... be vewy, vewy, quiet!  I'm hunting wabbits...


Interesting poll results reported in today's New York Post: people on the
street in midtown Manhattan were asked whether they approved of the US
invasion of Grenada.  Fifty-three percent said yes; 39 percent said no;
and 8 percent said "Gimme a quarter?"
		-- David Letterman


How kind of you to be willing to live someone's life for them.


Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.


It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
		-- Steven Wright


If thine eye offends thee, pluck it out.
If thy dick offends thee, whack it off.


Harris's Lament:
	All the good ones are taken.


Banectomy, n.:
	The removal of bruises on a banana.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Impotent loser, n.:
	Someone who can't even get his hopes up.


The honeymoon is over when he phones to say he'll be late for supper and
she's already left a note that it's in the refrigerator.
		-- Bill Lawrence


Mathematicians practice absolute freedom.
		-- Henry Adams


My uncle was the town drunk -- and we lived in Chicago.
		-- George Gobel


QOTD:
	"If he learns from his mistakes, pretty soon he'll know everything."


At ebb tide I wrote a line upon the sand, and gave it all my heart and all
my soul.  At flood tide I returned to read what I had inscribed and found my
ignorance upon the shore.
		-- Kahlil Gibran


I'm returning this note to you, instead of your paper, because it
(your paper) presently occupies the bottom of my bird cage.
		-- English Professor, Providence College


The steady state of disks is full.
		-- Ken Thompson


Some people have parts that are so private
they themselves have no knowledge of them.


Vini, vidi, vici.
[I came, I saw, I conquered].
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


When I need something
To help me unwind
I find a six-foot baby		What kind of guy
With a one-track mind		Does a lot for me
Smart guys are nowhere		Superman
They make demands		With a lobotomy
Give me a moron			My father's out of Harvard
With talented hands		My brother's out of Yale
I go bar-hopping		Well the guy I took home last night
And they say "Last call"	Just got out of jail
I start shopping		The way he grabbed and threw me
For a Neanderthal		Oooo, it really got me hot
				But the way he growled and bit me
The bigger they come		I hoped he had his shots
The harder I fall
In love till we're done		The bigger they are
Then they're out in the hall	The harder they'll work
				I got a soft spot
				For a good-looking jerk
		-- Julie Brown, "I Like 'Em Big and Stupid"


	A man was just settling down into his seat for a cross-country
flight when he noticed a beautiful woman sitting next to him, wearing a
large button with the letters "NAA" on it.
	"What's that?" he asked, pointing to her button.
	"Nymphomaniacs Association of America" she replied.
	After a moments thought he said, "Well, if you wouldn't mind my
asking, but I've always wanted to know, who are the best, ummm, `endowed'
men?"
	"Well, it's not what you think.  Native Americans.  They're better
hung than *anybody*."
	"And is it true that the French are the best lovers?"
	"No, Jewish men.  Once you finally get them going they can last
all night.  By the way, my name is Sue.  What's yours?"
	"Running Bear Sheldon."


	A bear and a rabbit are taking a crap in the woods.  The bear looks
over at the rabbit and asks, "Say, does shit ever stick to your fur?"
	"No."
	So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit.


Once I belonged to a group that really had THE WORD.  I fought like hell
for them.  But another group came along and exposed the word of my group
as shallow and degenerate.  They had a better word.  So I quit the first
group and lost all the friends I had made and I joined up with this new
group.  I fought like hell for them.  But another group came around.  They
exposed the word of my group as false and materialistic.  Their word was
very much better.  So I quit the second group and lost all the friends I
had made.  And I joined up with this new group.  I fought like hell for them.
Till this one guy came along and proved that there wasn't any word at all.
That I should go off as an individual and grow!  So I quit the last group
and lost all the friends I had made.  And now I sit home alone all day and
all I do is grow.  It would be nice to join up with some others who feel
the way I do.
		-- J. Feiffer


Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.


Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgment.


The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the
illiterates can read.
		-- Alberto Moravia


QOTD:
	"Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there,
	I go to work."


Pray, v.:
	To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled on behalf
	of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Q:	What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole?
A:	A thirty foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone!


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. Having a beer can't make you pregnant.
 2. A beer wouldn't trade you in on a sports car.
 3. If a beer did have a sports car, it wouldn't love it more than you.
 4. A beer doesn't want to go out alone with the other beers.
 5. A beer wouldn't waste its money on Playbeer magazine.
 6. You don't have to worry about getting AIDS from a bisexual beer.
 7. A beer won't switch the TV channel.
 8. A beer doesn't snore.
 9. A beer doesn't care that you can't find your car's carburator.
10. A beer doesn't think black leather bikinis are neat.


... which reminds me of the Carrot family: Ma Carrot, Pa Carrot, and Baby
Carrot.  One fine spring day they decided to go out for a picnic.  They all
piled into their carrot-mobile and drive out to the country.  But Pa Carrot
wasn't watching where he was going and alas, he hit an oil slick and skidded
right into a tree.  Ma and Pa Carrot escaped with a few cuts and bruises, but
poor Baby Carrot got broken in two.  They frantically rushed him to the
hospital and immediately the doctors started operating in a desperate attempt
to save Baby Carrot's life.  Ma and Pa Carrot were beside themselves with
anxiety ... would poor little Baby Carrot make it?
	After hours of waiting the doctor finally emerges, bleary-eyed and
barely able to walk.
	"Is he all right, is he all right?" Pa Carrot frantically stammers.
	"Well, I have some good news and some bad news," replies the doctor.
	Ma and Pa Carrot look at each other and blurt out, nearly in unison,
"The good news first!"
	"All right, the good news is that Baby Carrot will live."
	"And the bad news?  What's the bad news about our Baby Carrot?"
The doctor puts his hand on Pa Carrot's shoulder and solemnly looks him in
the eye.  "Your son will live... but... he'll be a vegetable for the rest of
his life."


I love to eat them Smurfies
Smurfies what I love to eat
Bite they ugly heads off,
Nibble on they bluish feet.


Don't patch bad code -- rewrite it.
		-- Kernighan and Plauger, "The Elements of Programming Style"


Santa Claus wears a red suit
He's a Communist.

He has long hair and a beard
Must be a pacifist.

And what's in the pipe that he's smoking?

Santa Claus comes in your house at night.
He must be a dope fiend to get you up tight.

Why do police guys beat on peace guys?
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "The Pause of Mr. Claus"


All things dull and ugly, All creatures short and squat,
	All things rude and nasty, The Lord God made the lot;
Each little snake that poisons, Each little wasp that stings,
	He made their brutish venom, He made their horrid wings.
All things sick and cancerous, All evil great and small,
	All things foul and dangerous, The Lord God made them all.
Each nasty little hornet, Each beastly little squid.
	Who made the spikey urchin? Who made the sharks?  He did.
All things scabbed and ulcerous, All pox both great and small.
	Putrid, foul and gangrenous, The Lord God made them all.
		-- Monty Python's Flying Circus


Waste not, get your budget cut next year.


Remember, when preparing a dish for bedtime,
champagne is the best tenderizer.


A couch is as good as a chair.


When I hear a man applauded by the mob I always feel a pang of pity
for him.  All he has to do to be hissed is to live long enough.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Minority Report"


Prisons are built with stones of Law, brothels with bricks of Religion.
		-- Blake


Work Rule: Leave of Absence (for an Operation):
	We are no longer allowing this practice.  We wish to discourage
any thoughts that you may not need all of whatever you have, and you
should not consider having anything removed.  We hired you as you are,
and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we
bargained for.


It's multiple choice time...

	What is FORTRAN?

	a: Between thre and fiv tran.
	b: What two computers engage in before they interface.
	c: Ridiculous.


If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.


	A reader reports that when the patient died, the attending doctor
recorded the following on the patient's chart:  "Patient failed to fulfill
his wellness potential."

	Another doctor reports that in a recent issue of the *American Journal
of Family Practice* fleas were called "hematophagous arthropod vectors."

	A reader reports that the Army calls them "vertically deployed anti-
personnel devices."  You probably call them bombs.

	At McClellan Air Force base in Sacramento, California, civilian
mechanics were placed on "non-duty, non-pay status."  That is, they were fired.

	After taking the trip of a lifetime, our reader sent his twelve rolls
of film to Kodak for developing (or "processing," as Kodak likes to call it)
only to receive the following notice:  "We must report that during the handling
of your twelve 35mm Kodachrome slide orders, the films were involved in an
unusual laboratory experience."  The use of the passive is a particularly nice
touch, don't you think?  Nobody did anything to the films; they just had a bad
experience.  Of course our reader can always go back to Tibet and take his
pictures all over again, using the twelve replacement rolls Kodak so generously
sent him.
		-- Quarterly Review of Doublespeak (NCTE)


Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many
poor people.
		-- Don Herold


Idleness is the holiday of fools.


Chapter 2:  Newtonian Growth and Decay

	The growth-decay formulas were developed in the trivial fashion by
Isaac Newton's famous brother Phigg.  His idea was to provide an equation
that would describe a quantity that would dwindle and dwindle, but never
quite reach zero.  Historically, he was merely trying to work out his
mortgage.  Another versatile equation also emerged, one which would define
a function that would continue to grow, but never reach unity.  This equation
can be applied to charging capacitors, over-damped springs, and the human
race in general.


Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized
that like most books, it had too many words.  The plot was the same one that
all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but
James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive
women.  There, that's it: 24 words.  But the guy who wrote the book took
*thousands* of words to say it.
	Or consider "The Brothers Karamazov", by the famous Russian alcoholic
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.  It's impossible to tell because
what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.  If all Russians talk
as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a
major world power.
	I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise
the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right
out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me."
	Other famous works could easily have been summarized in a few words:

* "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize
  nature and will kill you.
* "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
		-- Dave Barry


Teachers have class.


Hangover, n.:
	The wrath of grapes.


