Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


Sweater, n.:
	A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.


BEAUTY:
	What's in your eye when you have a bee in your hand.


I sold my memoirs of my love life to Parker
Brothers -- they're going to make a game out of it.
		-- Woody Allen


Disk crisis, please clean up!


The notorious Duchess of Peels
Saw a fisherman fishing for eels.
	Said she, "Would you mind? --
	Shove one up my behind.
I am anxious to know how it feels."


Love makes the world go 'round, with a little help from intrinsic angular
momentum.


If Reagan is the answer, it must have been a VERY silly question.


Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.


I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.


Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.


Being frustrated is disagreeable, but the real
disasters in life begin when you get what you want.


Naked couple in bed, woman says to man:
	"When I said I had a foot fetish, I was referring to cocks."


Revolution, n.:
	In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I know the disposition of women: when you will, they won't; when
you won't, they set their hearts upon you of their own inclination.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


QOTD:
	"I say, and without apology, hang the bitch."


Now this is a totally brain damaged algorithm.  Gag me with a
smurfette.
		-- P. Buhr, Computer Science 354


At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers,
a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.
		-- "The Washington Post Magazine", June 9, 1985


	It is always preferable to visit home with a friend.  Your parents will
not be pleased with this plan, because they want you all to themselves and
because in the presence of your friend, they will have to act like mature
human beings.
	The worst kind of friend to take home is a girl, because in that case,
there is the potential that your parents will lose you not just for the
duration of the visit but forever.  The worst kind of girl to take home is one
of a different religion:  Not only will you be lost to your parents forever but
you will be lost to a woman who is immune to their religious/moral arguments
and whose example will irretrievably corrupt you.
	Let's say you've fallen in love with just such a girl and would like
to take her home for the holidays.  You are aware of your parents' xenophobic
response to anyone of a different religion.  How to prepare them for the shock?
	Simple.  Call them up shortly before your visit and tell them that you
have gotten quite serious about somebody who is of a different religion, a
different race and the same sex.  Tell them you have already invited this
person to meet them.  Give the information a moment to sink in and then
remark that you were only kidding, that your lover is merely of a different
religion.  They will be so relieved they will welcome her with open arms.
		-- Playboy, January, 1983


A man who carries a cat by its tail learns something he can learn
in no other way.


Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


When the doubt vanishes and the issue becomes evident, stupidity reigns.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


The first guy that rats gets a bellyful of slugs in the head.  Understand?
		-- Joey Glimco, trade unionist


This life is yours.  Some of it was given
to you; the rest, you made yourself.


SYSTEM-INDEPENDENT:
	Works equally poorly on all systems.


I can't believe that out of 100,000 sperm, you were the quickest.
		-- Steven Pearl


Driving in Texas is simple.  For the first 100 miles you swerve to
avoid jackrabbits.  For the second 100 miles you hit whatever
jackrabbits get in the way.  After that you chase off into the
brush after them.


Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.


He had heard that a certain whorehouse had a reputation for the bizarre.
So he drove to the place and, once inside, asked the Madam if she had anything
unusual for him to try.  "Things are pretty slow today," she said, "but I
do have one number you might enjoy."  She went on to describe a New Jersey
hen that had been trained to do blow jobs.
	"We've got her here, but only for the day."
	The visitor could hardly believe it, but he paid the fee and went
into a room with a hen.  After a frustrating hour of trying to force his
cock into the hen's mouth, he figured out that he was dealing with nothing
but a plain old chicken.  He left.  Thinking about it later, he decided
that he had had so much fun trying that he returned the few days later and
asked the Madam, "Do you have anything new today?"
	"Come this way," she said, and led him to a dark room where a group
of men were looking through a one-way mirror.  He saw that they were watching
a girl making it with a large doberman pinscher.
	"Wow!" he said to the man standing next to him.  "This is really
great!"
	The man replied, "Man, it ain't nothin'!  You shoulda been here
a week ago and seen the guy with the chicken!"


 VII. Certain bodies can pass through solid walls painted to resemble tunnel
      entrances; others cannot.
	This trompe l'oeil inconsistency has baffled generations, but at least
	it is known that whoever paints an entrance on a wall's surface to
	trick an opponent will be unable to pursue him into this theoretical
	space.  The painter is flattened against the wall when he attempts to
	follow into the painting.  This is ultimately a problem of art, not
	of science.
VIII. Any violent rearrangement of feline matter is impermanent.
	Cartoon cats possess even more deaths than the traditional nine lives
	might comfortably afford.  They can be decimated, spliced, splayed,
	accordion-pleated, spindled, or disassembled, but they cannot be
	destroyed.  After a few moments of blinking self pity, they reinflate,
	elongate, snap back, or solidify.
  IX. For every vengeance there is an equal and opposite revengeance.
	This is the one law of animated cartoon motion that also applies to
	the physical world at large.  For that reason, we need the relief of
	watching it happen to a duck instead.
   X. Everything falls faster than an anvil.
	Examples too numerous to mention from the Roadrunner cartoons.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


Fuck art; let's dance!


The trouble with eating Italian food is that
five or six days later you're hungry again.
		-- George Miller


A well-known friend is a treasure.


They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos.  Had one get loose on me
back in '62.  It slipped out of the cables while we were lowering it out
of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six innocents in an insane bid
for freedom.
		-- Stig's Inferno


I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol
that some thinkle peep I am.
It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get.


We're living in a golden age.  All you need is gold.
		-- D. W. Robertson


Marriage is like a bank account.  You put it in, you take it out,
you lose interest.
		-- Professor Irwin Corey


Flirt, n.:
	A girl whose favorite man is the next one.


Ginger Snap


			Pittsburgh driver's test
4: Exhaust gas is
	a) beneficial.
	b) not harmful.
	c) toxic.
	d) a punk band.
The correct answer is b.
The meddling Washington eco-freak communist bureaucrats who say otherwise
are liars.  (Message to those who answered d.  Go back to California where
you came from.  Your kind are not welcome here.)


The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
		-- Abbie Hoffman


Stay away from hurricanes for a while.


He's not pining, he's passed on!  This parrot won't squawk!  He's
ceased to be!  He's expired, and gone to meet his maker!  It's a
stiff!  No breath of life, he may rest in peace!  If you hadn't nailed
him to the perch, he'd be pushing up the daisies!  He's off the twig!
He's kicked the bucket!  He's curled up his tooties!  He's shuffled off
this mortal world!  He's run down the curtain, and joined the bleed'n
Choir Invincible!  HE'S FUCKING SNUFFED IT!  Vis-a-vi his metabolic
processes is head is lost.  All statements concerning this parrot is no
longer a going concern, after from now on, Inoperative...

		THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!!
		-- Monty Python


A woman forgives the audacity of which
her beauty has prompted us to be guilty.
		-- LeSage


Mr. Rockford; Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses.  We got your
renewal before the extended deadline but not your check.  I'm sorry but
at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator.


Consider the following axioms carefully:
	"Everything's better when it sits on a Ritz."
	and
	"Everything's better with Blue Bonnet on it."
What happens if one spreads Blue Bonnet margarine on a Ritz cracker?  The
thought is frightening.  Is this how God came into being?  Try not to
consider the fact that "Things go better with Coke".


The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
		-- A. Camus


2180, U.S. History question:
	What 20th Century U.S. President was almost impeached and what
office did he later hold?


For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say
"Canada".  Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
		-- Sandra Gotlieb, wife of the Canadian ambassador to the U.S.


Only a fool has no doubts.


For certain people, after fifty, litigation takes the place of sex.
		-- Gore Vidal


A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A lawyer who looks like a French Nobleman is executed in his place.

The Metamorphosis LITE(tm)
	-- by Franz Kafka

	A man turns into a bug and his family gets annoyed.

Lord of the Rings LITE(tm)
	-- by J. R. R. Tolkien

	Some guys take a long vacation to throw a ring into a volcano.

Hamlet LITE(tm)
	-- by William Shakespeare

	A college student on vacation with family problems, a screwy
	girl-friend and a mother who won't act her age.


A "full" life in my experience is usually full only of other
people's demands.


Sleep is for the weak and sickly.


There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.


Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because
God is not capricious or arbitrary.  No such faith comforts the software
engineer.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.


I would not like to be a political leader in Russia.  They never know when
they're being taped.
		-- Richard M. Nixon

I love America.  You always hurt the one you love.
		-- David Frye impersonating Nixon


Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.


Major premise:
	Sixty men can do sixty times as much work as one man.
Minor premise:
	A man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds.
Conclusion:
	Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second.

Secondary Conclusion:
	Do you realize how many holes there would be if people
	would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?


The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of
its capacity -- the rest is overhead for the operating system.


Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
		-- Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, "The Wizard of Oz"


He is considered a most graceful speaker
who can say nothing in the most words.


The feeling persists that no one can simultaneously be a respectable writer
and understand how a refrigerator works, just as no gentleman wears a brown
suit in the city.  Colleges may be to blame.  English majors are encouraged,
I know, to hate chemistry and physics, and to be proud because they are not
dull and creepy and humorless and war-oriented like the engineers across the
quad.  And our most impressive critics have commonly been such English majors,
and they are squeamish about technology to this very day.  So it is natural
for them to despise science fiction.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Science Fiction"


Life is like a sewer.
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
		-- Tom Lehrer


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.


Don't patch bad code -- rewrite it.
		-- Kernighan and Plauger, "The Elements of Programming Style"


f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd.


Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with
a valentine.
		-- Christopher Plummer


With all the talent around, it's sort of
amazing that a woman could be up here with us.
		-- Ralph Kiner, on introducing an award winner


It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.


A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
		-- Clare Booth Luce, quoted in "The Wit of Women"


Evil is that which one believes of others.  It is a sin to believe evil
of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Alimony, n.:
	Having an ex you can bank on.


Who to himself is law no law doth need,
offends no law, and is a king indeed.
		-- George Chapman


You will be married within a year.


Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
		-- Ken Kesey


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(3) Peace does not mean the elimination of nuclear weapons.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Paycheck, n.:
	The weekly $5.27 that remains after deductions for federal
	withholding, state withholding, city withholding, FICA,
	medical/dental, long-term disability, unemployment insurance,
	Christmas Club, and payroll savings plan contributions.


Confession is good for the soul only in the sense
that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
		-- Peter de Vries


A computer science student on an exam:

	According to Shannon, information has entropy.  Entropy is just
	a mathematical trick to introduce temperature.  Consequently,
	information has temperature.  Hence there are hot news and cool
	news.


If the very old will remember, the very young will listen.
		-- Chief Dan George


Whatever became of eternal truth?


While walking down a crowded
City street the other day,
I heard a little urchin
To a comrade turn and say,
"Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse,
I'd be happy as a clam
If only I was de feller dat
Me mudder t'inks I am.

"She t'inks I am a wonder,		My friends, be yours a life of toil
An' she knows her little lad		Or undiluted joy,
Could never mix wit' nuttin'		You can learn a wholesome lesson
Dat was ugly, mean or bad.		From that small, untutored boy.
Oh, lot o' times I sit and t'ink	Don't aim to be an earthly saint
How nice, 'twould be, gee whiz!		With eyes fixed on a star:
If a feller was de feller		Just try to be the fellow that
Dat his mudder t'inks he is."		Your mother thinks you are.
		-- Will S. Adkin, "If I Only Was the Fellow"


Sex is about as important as a cheese sandwich.  But a cheese sandwich,
if you ain't got one to put in your belly, is extremely important.
		-- Ian Dury


David was just a shepherd who liked to get his rocks off in leather.


Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and its goodbye
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.


Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.


The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the
people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people
drudge along paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
		-- Gore Vidal


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #108

In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless
there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red
flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.


The townspeople stood in despair as the fire that had begun in a diner
threatened to spread to adjoining homes.  Just then, a truck filled with
farm workers came speeding down a hill toward the fire.  The crowd moved
back and the truck drove right into the thickest of the flames.  The workers
jumped out and beat at the fire with their coats, miraculously bringing the
blaze under control.
	The city fathers were so grateful for the men's heroism that they
gave each a plaque and $1000.  After the ceremony, newsmen interviewed the
driver and asked him what he was going to do with the money.
	"You can be damned sure the first thing I'm gonna do," he replied,
"is get the brakes fixed on that son-of-a-bitchin' truck!"


Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even
one which cannot be justified on any other grounds.
		-- J. Finnegan, USC


Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
		-- Kin Hubbard, "Abe Martin's Sayings"


I got this powdered water -- now I don't know what to add.
		-- Steven Wright


You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
		-- Lois Platford


If God hadn't intended man to eat pussy,
would He have made it look like a taco?


667 -- The neighbor of the beast.


Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


I read the newspaper avidly.  It is my one form of continuous fiction.
		-- Aneurin Bevan


The government was contemplating the dispatch of an expedition to Burma,
with a view to taking Rangoon, and a question arose as to who would be the
fittest general to be sent in command of the expedition.  The Cabinet sent
for the Duke of Wellington, and asked his advice.  He instantly replied,
"Send Lord Combermere."
	"But we have always understood that your Grace thought Lord
Combermere a fool."
	"So he is a fool, and a damned fool; but he can take Rangoon."
		-- G. W. E. Russell


If every kid had a funny tooth to bite down on whenever the world disappointed
him, prussic acid could solve our population problems in one generation.
		-- G. C. Edmonson's Albert, "The Man Who Corrupted Earth"


	While hunting, a man saw a beautiful nude woman come running out of
the woods and disappear across the clearing.  Just as she got out of sight,
three men dressed in white uniforms came running out of the same woods.
"Hey, you," yelled one of them, "did you see a woman come by here?"
	"Yes," replied the hunter.  "What's the trouble?"
	"She's an inmate of the county asylum, and gets loose every now and
then.  We're trying to catch her."
	"I can understand that," said the hunter, "But why is one of you
carrying a bucket of sand?"
	"That's his handicap," said the spokesman, "he caught her last time."


Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
		-- Thomas Szasz


The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding
bureaucracy.


It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out
next morning it was someone else.
		-- Rogers


I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one,
but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already
because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even
after we've been home a long while.
		-- Casey Stengel


Preserve Wildlife!  Throw a party today!


There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals
in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so
people who find nothing odd about it.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade
themselves that they have a better idea.
		-- John Ciardi


vacation;look;find;talk;grep;touch;finger;find;flex;unzip;mount;workbone; \
fsck;yes;gasp;fsck;yes;eject;umount;make clean;zip;split;done;exit


Divorce, n.:
	A change of wife.


How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?


Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.


Your motives for doing whatever good deed you
may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.


It was a warm, sunny Sunday, and a man and his wife decided to take in the zoo.
They spent the day, and at closing time they walked past the gorilla cage, and
the man noticed the gorilla looking at his wife.  "That gorilla is getting
excited just looking at your tits," he said.  "Why don't you take your blouse
off and we'll see what he does?"
	At first she refused.  But finally persuaded by her husband, she took
off her blouse and bra.  The gorilla went nuts.  He started grunting and
jumping up and down.
	"Hey," the husband said, "let's really blow his mind.  Take off all
your clothes and we'll see what he does."
	Again she said no and again he persuaded her.  This time the ape
really went bananas!  He climbed up and down the bars, did flips, ran around
in circles and tossed his food all over the cage.  The husband went over to
the cage, opened the door and pushed his wife in.
	"Now," said the husband, "tell that motherfucker you have a headache!"


Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?  Who knows?  Who cares?


Russia has abolished God, but so far God has been more tolerant.
		-- John Cameron Swayze


Coincidence, n.:
	You weren't paying attention to the other half of what was
	going on.


When asked by an anthropologist what the Indians called America before
the white men came, an Indian said simply "Ours."
		-- Vine Deloria, Jr.


Sam:  What's new, Norm?
Norm: Most of my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Spy Who Came in for a Cold One

Coach: Beer, Norm?
Norm:  Naah, I'd probably just drink it.
		-- Cheers, Now Pitching, Sam Malone

Coach:	What's doing, Norm?
Norm:	Well, science is seeking a cure for thirst.  I happen
	to be the guinea pig.
		-- Cheers, Let Me Count the Ways


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


Don't suspect your friends -- turn them in!
		-- "Brazil"


God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
		-- Alfred Jarry


Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and,
when they grow up, they won't be able to edge a car onto a freeway.


Encyclopedia Salesmen:
	Invite them all in.  Nip out the back door.  Phone the police
	and tell them your house is being burgled.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Beware of strong drink. It can make you
shoot at tax collectors -- and miss.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
		-- Gloria Steinem


There was something about her I liked,
but I couldn't put my finger on it.


Got a complaint about the Internal Revenue Service?
Call the convenient toll-free "IRS Taxpayer Complaint Hot Line Number":

	1-800-AUDITME


No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo.
Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!


"For the tenth time, dull Daphnis," said Chloe,
"You have told me my bosom is snowy;
	You have made much fine verse on
	Each part of my person,
Now do something -- there's a good boy!"


Two rights don't make a wrong, they make an airplane.


	And Jesus said unto them, "And whom do you say that I am?"
	They replied, "You are the eschatological manifestation of the
ground of our being, the ontological foundation of the context of our
very selfhood revealed."
	And Jesus replied, "What?"


Life's too short to dance with ugly women.


A fellow bought a new car, a Nissan, and was quite happy with his purchase.
He was something of an animist, however, and felt that the car really ought
to have a name.  This presented a problem, as he was not sure if the name
should be masculine or feminine.
	After considerable thought, he settled on naming the car either
Belchazar or Beaumadine, but remained in a quandry about the final choice.
	"Is a Nissan male or female?" he began asking his friends.  Most of
them looked at him peculiarly, mumbled things about urgent appointments, and
went on their way rather quickly.
	He finally broached the question to a lady he knew who held a black
belt in judo.  She thought for a moment and answered "Feminine."
	The swiftness of her response puzzled him. "You're sure of that?" he
asked.
	"Certainly," she replied. "They wouldn't sell very well if they were
masculine."
	"Unhhh...  Well, why not?"
	"Because people want a car with a reputation for going when you want
it to.  And, if Nissan's are female, it's like they say...  `Each Nissan, she
go!'"

	[No, we WON'T explain it; go ask someone who practices an oriental
	martial art.  (Tai Chi Chuan probably doesn't count.)  Ed.]


The tree in which the sap is stagnant remains fruitless.
		-- Hosea Ballou


The human race never solves any of its problems.  It merely outlives them.
		-- David Gerrold


There are no great men, only great challenges that
ordinary men are forced by circumstances to meet.
		-- Admiral William Halsey


I'm not proud.


For every bloke who makes his mark,
there's half a dozen waiting to rub it out.
		-- Andy Capp


Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
		-- Beckett


Keep on keepin' on.


The eyes of Texas are upon you,
All the livelong day;
The eyes of Texas are upon you,
You cannot get away;
Do not think you can escape them
From night 'til early in the morn;
The eyes of Texas are upon you
'Til Gabriel blows his horn.
		-- University of Texas' school song


