Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine.  When he awoke
he exclaimed:
	"I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine,
	or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Say many of cameras focused t'us,
Our middle-aged shots do us justice.
No justice, please, curse ye!
We really want mercy:
You see, 'tis the justice, disgusts us.
		-- Thomas H. Hildebrandt


Stupidity got us into this mess -- why can't it get us out?


Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


Hear about...
	the swinger who labeled his little black book "Future Shack"?


And now for something completely the same.


What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
		-- Raymond Aron, "The Opium of the Intellectuals"


One seldom sees a monument to a committee.


There is no education that is not political.  An apolitical
education is also political because it is purposely isolating.


Barometer, n.:
	An ingenious instrument which indicates
	what kind of weather we are having.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


... indifference is a militant thing ... when it goes away it leaves
smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat.  It is
not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
		-- Stephen Crane


Actor			Real Name

Boris Karloff		William Henry Pratt
Cary Grant		Archibald Leach
Edward G. Robinson	Emmanual Goldenburg
Gene Wilder		Gerald Silberman
John Wayne		Marion Morrison
Kirk Douglas		Issur Danielovitch
Richard Burton		Richard Jenkins, Jr.
Roy Rogers		Leonard Slye
Woody Allen		Allen Stewart Konigsberg


When all else fails, EAT!!!


Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
		-- James Dean


The girl who stoops to conquer usually wears a low-cut dress.


	A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another
finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact.  Someone pointed out that it's
the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.


Oh pity the prince, Montezuma
He tried to make love to a puma.
	Seems the puma, in play,
	Tore his testes away -
- An example of animal huma.


All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from
the hills after the battle is over and shoot the wounded.


We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
		-- Ray Bradbury


It has long been known that one horse can run faster
than another -- but which one?  Differences are crucial.
		-- Lazarus Long


A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
		-- Proverbs 15:1


Think lucky. If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
		-- Darrell Royal


Acid -- better living through chemistry.


A power so great, it can only be used for Good or Evil!
		-- The Firesign Theatre, "The Giant Rat of Sumatra"


	This 600-pound guy decides he can't go on living this way, so he seeks
the help of a clinic and proceeds to go on a drastic diet.  It works: four
months later he's down to 160 pounds and feeling great, except for one problem.
He's covered with great folds of flesh where the fat used to be.  He calls
up the clinic, and the doctor tells him not to worry.  "There's a special
surgical procedure to correct this condition," the doctor assures him.  "Just
come on over to the clinic."
	"But doctor," the man pleads, "you don't understand.  I'm too
embarrassed to be seen in public like this."
	"Don't give it another thought," says the doctor.  "Simply pull up
all the folds as high as they'll go, pile the flesh on top of your head, put
on a top hat, and come on over."
	The guy follows the instructions and provokes no comments until he
reaches the clinic and is standing in front of the admitting nurse's desk,
dying of self-consciousness.  "The doctor will be right with you," says the
nurse.  "Say, what's that hole in the middle of your forehead?"
	"My navel," blurts out the guy, "how d'ya like my tie?"


It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities
without your help.
		-- Miss Manners


The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.


Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.


	Desperate about the state of her social life, a young woman resorted
to the Personal Ads in the back of her local paper.  In the ad she made it
quite clear that what she was advertising for was an expert lover; she already
had plenty of sensitive friends and meaningful relationships and what she
now wanted was to get laid, to put it bluntly.  Phone calls started coming
in, with each caller testifying to his sexual prowess, but none quite struck
the young woman's fancy.  Until one night her doorbell rang.  Opening the door
she found a man with no arms or legs, who informed her that he was there in
response to her advertisement.  "I'm terribly sorry," she stammered, "but my
ad was quite explicit.  I'm really looking for something of a sexual expert,
and you... uh... don't have all the..."
	"Listen," the man interrupted her, "I rang the doorbell, didn't I?"


What if there had been room at the inn?
		-- Linda Festa on the origins of Christianity


You love your home and want it to be beautiful.


In my end is my beginning.
		-- Mary Stuart, Queen of Scots


	"Gentlemen of the jury," said the defense attorney, now beginning
to warm to his summation, "the real question here before you is, shall this
beautiful young woman be forced to languish away her loveliest years in a
dark prison cell?  Or shall she be set free to return to her cozy little
apartment at 4134 Mountain Ave. -- there to spend her lonely, loveless hours
in her boudoir, lying beside her little Princess phone, 962-7873?"


Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most
important programming language yet developed.
		-- T. Cheatham


Double-blind Experiment, n.:
	An experiment in which the chief researcher believes he is
fooling both the subject and the lab assistant.  Often accompanied
by a strong belief in the tooth fairy.


I learned to play guitar just to get the girls, and anyone who says they
didn't is just lyin'!
		-- Willie Nelson


The two things that can get you into trouble
quicker than anything else are fast women and slow horses.


Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.


... and no philosophy, sadly, has all the answers.  No matter how assured
we may be about certain aspects of our belief, there are always painful
inconsistencies, exceptions, and contradictions.  This is true in religion
as it is in politics, and is self-evident to all except fanatics and the
naive.  As for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we
might be advised to leave them to heaven.  They will not, unfortunately, do
us the same courtesy.  They attack us and each other, and whatever their
protestations to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear
that they are easily disposed to restore to the sword.  My own belief in
God, then, is just that -- a matter of belief, not knowledge.  My respect
for Jesus Christ arises from the fact that He seems to have been the most
virtuous inhabitant of Planet Earth.  But even well-educated Christians are
frustrated in their thirst for certainty about the beloved figure of Jesus
because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record.  Such ambiguity
is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every recognized Bible scholar
is perfectly aware of it.  Some Christians, alas, resort to formal lying to
obscure such reality.
		-- Steve Allen


Q:	What did Tarzan say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill?
A:	"The elephants are coming over the hill."

Q:	What did he say when saw them coming over the hill wearing
	sunglasses?
A:	Nothing, for he didn't recognize them.


Q:	What did one regular expression say to the other?
A:	.+


Think lucky. If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
		-- Darrell Royal


Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation ... the other eight
are unimportant.
		-- Henry Miller


It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
		-- Roger Babson


Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor):
	That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
	or subtracted from the answer you got, gives you the answer you
	should have gotten.


She's learned to say things with her eyes
that others waste time putting into words.


Q:	Why do elephants wear springs on their feet?
A:	So they can jump into trees and rape mice.

Q:	What is the most fearsome sound in the world to a mouse?
A:	BOING!!  BOING!!  BOING!!


I exist, therefore I am paid.


The nearer to the church, the further from God.
		-- John Heywood


User, n.:
	A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.


	After the Children of Israel had wandered for thirty-nine years in
	the wilderness, Ferdinand Feghoot arrived to make sure that they
would finally find and enter the Promised Land.  With him, he brought his
favorite robot, faithful old Yewtoo Artoo, to carry his gear and do assorted
camp chores.
	The Israelites soon got over their initial fear of the robot and,
	as the months passed, became very fond of him.  Patriarchs took to
discussing abstruse theological problems with him, and each evening the
children all gathered to hear the many stories with which he was programmed.
Therefore it came as a great shock to them when, just as their journey was
ending, he abruptly wore out.  Even Feghoot couldn't console them.
	"It may be true, Ferdinand Feghoot," said Moses, "that our friend
Yewtoo Artoo was soulless, but we cannot believe it.  He must be properly
interred.  We cannot embalm him as do the Egyptians.  Nor have we wood for
a coffin.  But I do have a most splendid skin from one of Pharoah's own
cattle.  We shall bury him in it."
	Feghoot agreed.  "Yes, let this be his last rusting place." "Rusting?"
	Moses cried. "Not in this dreadful dry desert!"
	"Ah!" sighed Ferdinand Feghoot, shedding a tear, "I fear you do not
realize the full significance of Pharoah's oxhide!"
		-- Grendel Briarton "Through Time & Space With Ferdinand
		   Feghoot!"


External Security:


			Pittsburgh driver's test
9: Roads are salted in order to
	a) kill grass.
	b) melt snow.
	c) help the economy.
	d) prevent potholes.
The correct answer is c.
Road salting employs thousands of persons directly, and millions more
indirectly, for example, salt miners and rustproofers.  Most important,
salting reduces the life spans of cars, thus stimulating the car and
steel industries.


The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to
be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to
be less cunning than more virtuous men.  Oh yes ... whenever you think
you've got something really great, add ten per cent more.
		-- Bill Veeck


No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo.
Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!


Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.


This yuppie, see, was in a car wreck.  His BMW was mangled, and so was he.
The paramedic was leaning over him getting his vitals, and all the yup
could groan was "My BMW!  My BMW!"
	The paramedic tried to quiet the man, pointing out that his car
wasn't his chief concern at the moment, especially as he'd been rearranged
pretty badly himself -- for example, his left arm was severed at the elbow
and was lying about twenty feet away.
	There was a moment of stunned silence from the yup followed by
"Oh no!  My Rolex!  My Rolex!"


100 buckets of bits on the bus
100 buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FF buckets of bits on the bus

FF buckets of bits on the bus
FF buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FE buckets of bits on the bus

ad infinitum...


Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.


There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus


If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had 10
apostles.


			Pittsburgh driver's test
2: A traffic light at an intersection changes from yellow to red, you should
	a) stop immediately.
	b) proceed slowly through the intersection.
	c) blow the horn.
	d) floor it.
The correct answer is d.
If you said c, you were almost right, so give yourself a half point.


Nothing makes a person more productive than the last minute.


Anything anybody can say about America is true.
		-- Emmett Grogan


Good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of
those who govern.  The machinery of government is always subordinate to the
will of those who administer that machinery.  The most important element of
government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Children of Dune"


Unix is a Registered Bell of AT&T Trademark Laboratories.
		-- Donn Seeley


This was the most unkindest cut of all.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


The quality of a pun is in the "Oy!" of the beholder.


Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#14
	The Baby Ruth candy bar was not named after George Herman "The Babe"
Ruth, but after the oldest daughter of President Grover Cleveland.


VOLCANO:
	A mountain with hiccups.


The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
		-- C. Schultz


A meeting is an event at which the
minutes are kept and the hours are lost.


One day a little polar bear cub says to his mother, "Mommy, am I really
a polar bear?"
	"Why of course you are, honey!" his mother replies.  "You live at
the North Pole and you swim under the ice to catch fish.  You play on the
ice floes and you romp through the snow and chase seals.  Of *course* you're
a polar bear.  Why do you ask?"
	"Because," says the little cub, "I'm fuckin' freezing!"


Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof.  There are many examples
of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies,
but they prevailed with irrefutable data.  More often, egregious findings
that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts.  I have
argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic consciousness,"
and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of
neuroscience.  Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid
handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena
than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves
offer more plausible alternatives.
		-- Barry L. Beyerstein, "The Brain and Consciousness:
		   Implications for Psi Phenomena".


Confucius say:
	man who lay girl on hill, not on level.
	man who pull out too fast leave rubber.
	man who go to bed with sex problem wake up with solution in hand.
	modern house without toilet uncanny.
	man with athletic finger make broad jump
	woman should not marry basketball players -- they dribble before
		they shoot.
	man who sleep in road wake up with run-down feeling.
	woman who goes to man's apartment for snack, may get tit bit.
	child conceived in back seat of car with automatic transmission
		turn out to be shiftless bastard.
	a smart man knows on which side his broad is better.
	man who arrives late to party will find himself beaten to the punch!


Houston, Tranquillity Base here.  The Eagle has landed.
		-- Neil Armstrong


Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.


Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


When you get what you want in your struggle for pelf,
And the world makes you King for a day,
Then go to the mirror and look at yourself,
And see what that guy has to say.
	For it isn't your Father, or Mother, or Wife,
	Who judgement upon you must pass.
	The feller whose verdict counts most in your life
	Is the guy staring back from the glass.
He's the feller to please, never mind all the rest,
For he's with you clear up to the end,
And you've passed your most dangerous, difficult test
If the guy in the glass is your friend.
	You may be like Jack Horner and "chisel" a plum,
	And think you're a wonderful guy,
	But the man in the glass says you're only a bum
	If you can't look him straight in the eye.
You can fool the whole world down the pathway of years,
And get pats on the back as you pass,
But your final reward will be heartaches and tears
If you've cheated the guy in the glass.
		-- "The Guy in the Glass"
		   Copyright 1934, Dale Wimbrow (1895-1954)
		   [Pelf is a Middle English word for wealth or riches,
		    especially when acquired dishonestly. Ed.]


Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed


Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare


"One Architecture, One OS" also translates as "One Egg, One Basket".


Neutrinos have bad breadth.


Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.


The duck hunter trained his retriever to walk on water.  Eager to show off
this amazing accomplishment, he asked a friend to go along on his next
hunting trip.  Saying nothing, he fired his first shot and, as the duck fell,
the dog walked on the surface of the water, retrieved the duck and returned
it to his master.
	"Notice anything?" the owner asked eagerly.
	"Yes," said his friend, "I see that fool dog of yours can't swim."


QOTD:
	"I tried buying a goat instead of a lawn tractor; had to return
	it though.  Couldn't figure out a way to connect the snow blower."


QOTD:
	"East is east... and let's keep it that way."


Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
		-- William Shakespeare


Newman's Discovery:
	Your best dreams may not come true;
	fortunately, neither will your worst dreams.


Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
		-- Jean Cocteau


The husband wired home that he had been able to wind up his business trip a
day early and would be home on Thursday.  When he walked into his apartment,
however, he found his wife in bed with another man.  Furious, he picked up his
bag and stormed out.  He met his mother-in-law on the street, told her what
had happened and announced that he was filing for divorce in the morning.
	"Give my daughter a chance to explain before you take any action,"
the older woman pleaded.  Reluctantly, he agreed.
	An hour later his mother-in-law phoned the husband at his club.
"I knew my daughter would have an explanation," she said, a note of triumph
in her voice.  "She didn't receive your telegram!"


Money may not buy happiness, but it sure
puts you in a great bargaining position.


A woman is like a dresser ... some man always goin' through her
drawers.
		-- Blind Lemon Pledge


I have an existential map.  It has "You are here" written all over it.
		-- Steven Wright


Girls who put out are tramps.  Girls who don't are ladies.  This is,
however, a rather archaic use of the word.  Should one of you boys happen
upon a girl who doesn't put out, do not jump to the conclusion that you
have found a lady.  What you have probably found is a lesbian.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


It's so confusing choosing sides in the heat of the moment,
	just to see if it's real,
Oooh, it's so erotic having you tell me how it should feel,
But I'm avoiding all the hard cold facts that I got to face,
So ask me just one question when this magic night is through,
Could it have been just anyone or did it have to be you?
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"


I never saw a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But I can tell you anyhow
I'd rather see than be one.
		-- Gellett Burgess

I've never seen a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But from the milk we're getting now
There certainly must be one
		-- Ogden Nash

Ah, yes, I wrote "The Purple Cow"
I'm sorry now I wrote it
But I can tell you anyhow
I'll kill you if you quote it.
		-- Gellett Burgess, many years later


WYSIWYG:
	What You See Is What You Get.


You think Oedipus had a problem -- Adam was Eve's mother.


A day without sunshine is like a day without Anita Bryant.


It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.  The
Greeks never said it was sweet to die for anything.  They had no vital
lies.
		-- Edith Hamilton, "The Greek Way"


In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled
waffles.


If thine eye offends thee, pluck it out.
If thy dick offends thee, whack it off.


What happens when you cut back the jungle?  It recedes.


If it ain't broke, don't fix it.


Dicker, v.:
	What you do to your wife if arguing doesn't work.


X-rated movies are all alike -- the only thing
they leave to the imagination is the plot.


-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.


Ruth made a great mistake when he gave up pitching.  Working once a week,
he might have lasted a long time and become a great star.
		-- Tris Speaker, commenting on Babe Ruth's plan to change
		   from being a pitcher to an outfielder.
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning
of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out,
and such as are out wish to get in?
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


We aren't what we eat.  We are what we don't shit.
		-- Hugh Romney


	The other day my girlfriend and I were going to a party and on the
way there, we got a flat tire.  We got out of the car and I pumped, she
jacked I pumped, she jacked, I pumped, she jacked and then we changed the
tire.  Eventually we arrived at the party and when we walked in, everyone was
jumping for joy.  What a sight seeing her hanging nude from the chandelier!
Well the party was OK, I guess, we just sat around drinking sherry and eating
candy.  Everybody else started feeling merry.  Those have got to be the three
wildest girls I know.


Murray's Rule:
	Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't.


Smuggling... It's not just a job, it's an adventure!
		-- paid for by your local Colombian recruiting office


	"Well, it's a little rough... it might not be necessary to drag him 40
blocks.  Maybe just four.  You could put him in the trunk for the first 36
blocks, then haul him out and drag him the last four; that would certainly
scare the piss out of him, bumping alone the street, feeling all his skin being
ripped off..."
	"He'd be a bloody mess.  They might think he was just some drunk and
let him lie there all night."
	"Don't worry about that.  They have a guard station in front of the
White House that's open 24 hours a day.  The guards would recognize Colson...
and by that time of course his wife would have called the cops and reported
that a bunch of thugs had kidnapped him."
	"Wouldn't it be a little kinder if you drove about four more blocks
and stopped at a phone box to ring the hospital and say, 'Would you mind going
around to the front of the White House?  There's a naked man lying outside
in the street, bleeding to death...'"
	"... and we think it's Mr. Colson."
	"It would be quite a story for the newspapers, wouldn't it?"
	"Yeah, I think it's safe to say we'd see some headlines on that one."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, talking to R. Steadman on C. Colson,
		   ex-Marine captain, now born again, of Watergate fame.


Most people need some of their problems
to help take their mind off some of the others.


QOTD:
	"It was so cold last winter that I saw a lawyer with his
	hands in his own pockets."


1st graffitiest: QUESTION AUTHORITY!

2nd graffitiest: Why?


It is illegal to drive more than two thousand sheep down Hollywood
Boulevard at one time.


Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost.
		-- Aleister Crowley


Experience is the worst teacher.  It always
gives the test first and the instruction afterward.


Tussman's Law:
	Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.


Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings,
and speech only to conceal their thoughts.
		-- Voltaire


It must be admitted that we English have sex on the brain, which is a
very unfortunate place to have it.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


All I really want in life is a piece and some quiet.


Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and
stupid to do your job properly, you have to go, where the very
opposite applies with the judges.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


Coming together is a beginning;
	keeping together is progress;
		working together is success.


Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


1: No code table for op: ++post


Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts
to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
		-- Albert Einstein


The Schwine-Kitzenger Institute study of 47 men over the age of 100
showed that all had these things in common:

	(1) They all had moderate appetites.
	(2) They all came from middle class homes.
	(3) All but two of them were dead.


Real programmers don't draw flowcharts.  Flowcharts are, after all, the
illiterate's form of documentation.  Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much
good it did them.


What!?  Me worry?
		-- A. E. Neuman


His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California.


One who does not know a burro from a burrow does not know
his ass from a hole in the ground!


We are upping our standards ... so up yours.
		-- Pat Paulsen for President


If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.


Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.
		-- Lord Kelvin, President, Royal Society, c. 1895


Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies,
Shy little angels as gentle as puppies,
Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish,
They were just some of my tropical fish.

Then I got mantas that sting in the water,
Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter,
Savage male betas that bite with a squish,
Now I have many less tropical fish.

	If you think that
	Fish are peaceful
	That's an empty wish.
	Just dump them together
	And leave them alone,
	And soon you will have -- no fish.
		-- To My Favorite Things


If the odds are a million to one against something
occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.


Ahead warp factor one, Mr. Sulu.


Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are master of your
fate and captain of your soul.


Time will end all my troubles,
but I don't always approve of Time's methods.


Cover your stump before you hump.
Before you attack her, wrap your wacker.
Don't be silly... protect your Willie.
Wrap it in foil before checking her oil.
If you're not going to sack it, go home and wack it.
		-- National Condom Week


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dropping in for a cold one.


	"The pyramid is opening!"
	"Which one?"
	"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "How Can You Be In Two Places At
		   Once When You're Not Anywhere At All"


I don't have an eating problem.  I eat.
I get fat.  I buy new clothes.  No problem.


Conservative, n.:
	A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished
	from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


In 1914, the first crossword puzzle was printed in a newspaper.  The
creator received $4000 down ... and $3000 across.


