To be patriotic, hate all nations but your own; to be religious, all sects
but your own; to be moral, all pretences but your own.
		-- Lionel Strachey


A highly intelligent man should take a primitive woman.  Imagine if on top
of everything else, I had a woman who interfered with my work.
		-- Adolf Hitler


BALTIMORE:
	A wharf-rat stealing Diogenes' lamp.


When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
		-- Gen. C. Abrams


When he got in trouble in the ring, [Ali] imagined a door swung open and
inside he could see neon, orange, and green lights blinking, and bats
blowing trumpets and alligators blowing trombones, and he could hear snakes
screaming.  Weird masks and actors' clothes hung on the wall, and if he
stepped across the sill and reached for them, he knew that he was committing
himself to destruction.
		-- George Plimpton


Q:	Where can you buy black lace crotchless panties for sheep?
A:	Fredrick's of Ithaca, New York.


On day a Monterey daughter
Did scuba down under the water.
	She later turned up
	The mom of a pup,
And they say t'was an otter that gotter.


Anything anybody can say about America is true.
		-- Emmett Grogan


Psychology.  Mind over matter.
Mind under matter?  It doesn't matter.
Never mind.


New York is real.  The rest is done with mirrors.


Sacred cows make great hamburgers.


Everyone talks about apathy, but no one _d_o_e_s anything about it.


The more control, the more that requires control.


Crush!  Kill!  Destroy!


Q:	Why did the programmer call his mother long distance?
A:	Because that was her name.


When Boy Scouts do it, it's intense.


Kin, n.:
	An affliction of the blood.


Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off
during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


I think I'll snatch a kiss and flee.
		-- William Shakespeare


Design, v.:
	What you regret not doing later on.


As long as I am mayor of this city [Jersey City, New Jersey] the great
industries are secure.  We hear about constitutional rights, free speech
and the free press.  Every time I hear these words I say to myself, "That
man is a Red, that man is a Communist".  You never hear a real American
talk like that.
		-- Frank Hague (1896-1956)


A city is a large community where people are lonesome together.
		-- Herbert Prochnow


Neuroses are red,
	Melancholia's blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	What are you?


The groundhog is like most other prophets;
it delivers its message and then disappears.


The savior becomes the victim.


The whole world is a scab.  The point is to pick it constructively.
		-- Peter Beard


Unix gives you just enough rope to hang yourself -- and then a couple
of more feet, just to be sure.
		-- Eric Allman

... We make rope.
		-- Rob Gingell on Sun Microsystems' new virtual memory


	Now, you might ask, "How do I get one of those complete home
tool sets for under $4?"  An excellent question.
	Go to one of those really cheap discount stores where they sell
plastic furniture in colors visible from the planet Neptune and where
they have a food section specializing in cardboard cartons full of
Raisinets and malted milk balls manufactured during the Nixon
administration.  In either the hardware or housewares department,
you'll find an item imported from an obscure Oriental country and
described as "Nine Tools in One", consisting of a little handle with
interchangeable ends representing inscrutable Oriental notions of tools
that Americans might use around the home.  Buy it.
	This is the kind of tool set professionals use.  Not only is it
inexpensive, but it also has a great safety feature not found in the
so-called quality tools sets: The handle will actually break right off
if you accidentally hit yourself or anything else, or expose it to
direct sunlight.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"


You are destined to become the commandant of the
fighting men of the department of transportation.


This isn't true in practice -- what we've missed out is Stradivarius's
constant.  And then the aside: "For those of you who don't know, that's
been called by others the fiddle factor..."
		-- From a 1B Electrical Engineering lecture


No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain.  All I'm after is
just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone
and Telegraph Company.
		-- Alan Turing on the possibilities of a thinking
		   machine, 1943.


I choked Linda Lovelace.


KNOWLEDGE:
	Things you believe.


SENILITY:
	The state of mind of elderly persons
	with whom one happens to disagree.


NEVER swerve to hit a lawyer riding a bicycle -- it might be your bicycle.


And so it was, later,
As the miller told his tale,
That her face, at first just ghostly,
Turned a whiter shade of pale.
		-- Procol Harum


Many people resent being treated like the person they really are.


Worst Month of the Year:
	February.  February has only 28 days in it, which means that if
	you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you
	don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.


It is not every question that deserves an answer.
		-- Publilius Syrus


PPRB -- Pillage, plunder, rape and burn.


If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
		-- Derek Bok, president of Harvard


Benson's Dogma:
	ASCII is our god, and Unix is his profit.


SWEATER:
	A garment worn by a child when their mother feels chilly.


Once, adv.:
	Enough.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(23) Evolution cannot explain creation.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Maybe if the guy who developed Twinkies hadn't had such a low
opinion of himself they would have been an inch or two longer!


Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.


I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[173.15b]:
	"When competing for a section of road or a parking space, remember
	that the vehicle in need of the most body work has the right-of-way."

[141.2a]:
	"Although it is altogether possible to fit a 6' car into a 6'
	parking space, it is hardly ever possible to fit a 6' car into
	a 5' parking space."

[105.31]:
	"Teenage drivers believe that they are immortal, and drive accordingly.
	Nevertheless, you should avoid the temptation to prove them wrong."


Yeah, if it looks like a duck, and walks like
a duck, and quacks like a duck -- shoot it.


	Hack placidly amidst the noisy printers and remember what prizes there
may be in Science.  As fast as possible get a good terminal on a good system.
Enter your data clearly but always encrypt your results.  And listen to others,
even the dull and ignorant, for they may be your customers.  Avoid loud and
aggressive persons, for they are sales reps.
	If you compare your outputs with those of others, you may be surprised,
for always there will be greater and lesser numbers than you have crunched.
Keep others interested in your career, and try not to fumble; it can be a real
hassle and could change your fortunes in time.
	Exercise system control in your experiments, for the world is full of
bugs.  But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive
for linearity and everywhere papers are full of approximations.  Strive for
proportionality.  Especially, do not faint when it occurs.  Neither be cyclical
about results; for in the face of all data analysis it is sure to be noticed.
	Take with a grain of salt the anomalous data points.  Gracefully pass
them on to the youth at the next desk.  Nurture some mutual funds to shield
you in times of sudden layoffs.  But do not distress yourself with imaginings
-- the real bugs are enough to screw you badly.  Murphy's Law runs the
Universe -- and whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt <Curl>B*n dS = 0.
	Therefore, grab for a piece of the pie, with whatever proposals you
can conceive of to try.  With all the crashed disks, skewed data, and broken
line printers, you can still have a beautiful secretary.  Be linear.  Strive
to stay employed.
		-- Technolorata, "Analog"


I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable
to sit still in a room.
		-- Blaise Pascal


You have an unusual understanding of
the problems of human relationships.


Bridge ahead.  Pay troll.


Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well
in New York, and still waiting for a dial tone.


The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of
the group divided by the number of people in the group.


The universe is an island,
surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.


Tiddely Quiddely
Edward M. Kennedy
Quite unaccountably
Drove in a stream.

Pleas of amnesia
Incomprehensible
Possibly shattered
Political dream.


Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
	The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
	to... to... uh.....


Like the time I ran away...
And turned around and you were standing close to me.
		-- YES, "Going For The One/Awaken"


The Official Colorado State Vegetable is now the "state legislator".


No house is childproofed unless the little darlings are in straitjackets.


Portable, adj.:
	Survives system reboot.


