Once I finally figured out all of life's
answers, they changed the questions.


Oh, well, I guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes.


Like the time I ran away...
And turned around and you were standing close to me.
		-- YES, "Going For The One/Awaken"


Fortune Personals:
	SWBiM, 29.  Gr/Fr/Mild English.  Have
	own moose, hoop.  Sincere inquiries
	only.  Discreet.  Fortune P.O. Box 1910.


Keep patting your enemy on the back until a
small bullet hole appears between your fingers.
		-- Joe Bonanno


The Enterprise crew when off work
Will fuck like an Ottoman Turk.
	Uhura the Zulu
	Is shacked up with Sulu,
And Spock shares a crew girl with Kirk.


You are now in Atlanta, Georgia.
Please set your clocks back 200 years.


Laura's Law:
	No child throws up in the bathroom.


The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity.
		-- Oscar Wilde


The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and
is an emerging underachiever.


A prohibitionist is the sort of man one wouldn't care to
drink with -- even if he drank.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.  Many
people wonder where the word "eggnog" comes from.  The first syllable
comes from the English word "egg", meaning "egg".  I don't know where
the "nog" comes from.

To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine, gin and, if they are in
season, eggs...


Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
		-- Thomas Alva Edison


Hear about...
	the Ayatollah Khomeini Doll?
	Wind it up and it takes Ken and Barbie hostage.


I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.


Everybody is given the same amount of hormones, at birth, and
if you want to use yours for growing hair, that's fine with me.


Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
		-- Hannah Arendt


[FORTRAN] will persist for some time --
probably for at least the next decade.
		-- T. Cheatham


The REVERSE function works on the opposite SEXPR.


Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when
you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even
worse.
		-- Avery


A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.


Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents:

	THE TATERNATOR: Cyborg spud returns from the future to present-day
McDonald's restaurant to kill the potatoes (girl 'tater) who will give birth
to the world's largest french fry (The Dark Powers of Burger King are clearly
behind this).  Most quotable line: "Ah'll be baked..."

	A FISTFUL OF FRIES: Western in which our hero, The Spud with No Name,
rides into a town that's deprived of carbohydrates thanks to the evil takeover
of the low-cal Scallopinni Brothers.  Plenty of smokeouts, fry-em-ups, and
general butter-melting by all.

	FOR A FEW FRIES MORE: Takes up where AFOF left off!  Cameo by Walter
Cronkite, as every man's common 'tater!


	The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the
forest, hunting bear.  They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took
their backpacks off and put them inside.  At which point the salesman turned
to his friend, and said, "You unpack while I go and find us a bear."
	Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down
on the porch.  Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest.  The noises
got nearer -- and louder -- and suddenly there was the salesman, running like
hell across the clearing toward the cabin, pursued by one of the largest and
most ferocious grizzly bears the analyst had ever seen.
	"Open the door!", screamed the salesman.
	The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door,
suddenly stopped, and stepped aside.  The bear, unable to stop, continued
through the door and into the cabin.  The salesman slammed the door closed
and grinned at his friend.  "Got him!", he exclaimed, "now, you skin this
one and I'll go rustle us up another!"


Sure he's sharp as a razor ... he's a two-dimensional pinhead!


If Machiavelli were a hacker, he'd have worked for the CSSG.
		-- Phil Lapsley


God created woman.
And boredom did indeed cease from that moment --
but many other things ceased as well.
Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


There is perhaps in every thing of any consequence, secret history, which
it would be amusing to know, could we have it authentically communicated.
		-- James Boswell


Foolproof Operation:
	No provision for adjustment.


The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Of course, most people eventually give up bowling for sex.
The balls are lighter and you don't have to change your shoes.


One fall day, two men were out in the woods hunting.  Feeling a sudden need
to relieve himself, George went over to a nearby clump of bushes, unzipped
his fly, and started in when a poisonous snake lunged out of the bushes and
bit him on his penis.  Hearing George's howl of pain and fright, his friend
Fred came running up and told him to lie still while he used the radio to
call a doctor.
	"There's only one way to save your friend's life," said the doctor
gravely.  "If you cut a shallow 'X' over the bite and then suck as much of
the poison out as you can, he'll probably be okay, but otherwise there's not
much hope."
	Hearing Fred's footsteps, George rose weakly up on one elbow and
cried out, "Fred, what'd he say?  What did the doctor say?"
	"George, old friend," said Fred sadly, "he said you're gonna die."


Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.


Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants


Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will
get a respectful hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne


One thing I have no worry about is whether God exists.  But it has
occurred to me that God has Alzheimer's and has forgotten we exist.
		-- Jane Wagner, "The Search for Signs of Intelligent
		   Life in the Universe"


Mieux vaut tard que jamais!


	Never take a resume seriously.  Resumes only make money for the
people who write the resumes.  No resume ever tells an employer how many
times a job applicant has had the clap.
	Why, indeed, would anyone hire a person based on a resume written
by a professional liar?
	If the applicant is a man, the employer must ask only one question:
did the applicant go to TCU?
	If the applicant is a woman, the employer may simply ask: does she
have a tongue that can lick the paint off a dormitory wall?
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Baja Oklahoma"


Knocked, you weren't in.
		-- Opportunity


You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.


You will gain money by an immoral action.


The best thing about being bald is, that, when unexpected
company arrives, all you have to do is straighten your tie.


UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that
would also stop you from doing clever things.
		-- Doug Gwyn


Walt:	Dad, what's gradual school?
Garp:	Gradual school?
Walt:	Yeah.  Mom says her work's more fun now that she's teaching
	gradual school.
Garp:	Oh.  Well, gradual school is someplace you go and gradually
	find out that you don't want to go to school anymore.
		-- The World According To Garp


Rudd's Discovery:
	You know that any senator or congressman could go home and make
	$300,000 to $400,000, but they don't.  Why?  Because they can
	stay in Washington and make it there.


Megaton Man:	"LOOK at them!  Helpless, tender creatures, relying on
		ME, waiting for ME to make my move!"

(from below):	"Move your ASS, Fat-head!"

Megaton Man:	"It is a MANDATE, and I am DUTY BOUND to OBEY!"


Love is in the offing.
		-- The Homicidal Maniac


Woman inspires us to great things, and prevents us from achieving them.
		-- Dumas


Hartley's First Law:
	You can lead a horse to water, but if you can
	get him to float on his back, you've got something.


There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it
has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse.
		-- Oscar Wilde

Most UNIX programmers are great masters of style.
		-- The Unnamed Usenetter


	"I'll tell ya, Jeb," Wilbur said to his friend, "the tractor
business ain't doin' too well.  I ain't sold one all month.
	"You think you've got problems?" Jeb replied.  "The other day, I went
out to milk Daisy, when she swatted me in the face with her tail, like she
always does.  So I took some twine and tied it to the rafters.  When I sat
down again, she kicked me like she always does.  So I tied her leg to the
side of the stall.  When I started to sit down again, I could see her taking
aim with her other leg, so I tied it to the other side of the stall.  And I'll
tell you what," he continued with a sigh, "if you can convince my wife I was
gonna *milk* that cow, I'll buy a tractor from you!"


Love is blind but desire doesn't give a good goddam.
		-- James Thurber


How can you work when the system's so crowded?


A man took his wife deer hunting for the first time.  After he'd given her
some basic instructions, they agreed to separate and rendezvous later.  Before
he left, he warned her if she should fell a deer to be wary of hunters who
might beat her to the carcass and claim the kill.  If that happened, he told
her, she should fire her gun three times into the air and he would come to
her aid.
	Shortly after they separated, he heard a single shot, followed quickly
by the agreed upon signal.  Running to the scene, he found his wife standing
in a small clearing with a very nervous man staring down her gun barrel.
	"He claims this is his," she said, obviously very upset.
	"She can keep it, she can keep it!" the wide-eyed man replied.  "I
just want to get my saddle back!"


Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)


Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable.
		-- C-3PO


Blackout, heatwave, .44 caliber homicide,
The bums drop dead and the dogs go mad in packs on the West Side,
A young girl standing on a ledge, looks like another suicide,
She wants to hit those bricks,
	'cause the news at six got to stick to a deadline,
While the millionaires hide in Beekman place,
The bag ladies throw their bones in my face,
I get attacked by a kid with stereo sound,
I don't want to hear it but he won't turn it down...
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"


It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've
done and what you're going to do.


Norm:	Hey, everybody.
All:	[silence; everybody is mad at Norm for being rich.]
Norm:	[Carries on both sides of the conversation himself.]
	Norm!   (Norman.)
	How are you feeling today, Norm?
	Rich and thirsty.  Pour me a beer.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash

Woody:	What's the latest, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:	Zsa-Zsa marries a millionaire, Peterson drinks a beer.
	Film at eleven.
		-- Cheers, Knights of the Scimitar

Woody: How are you today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Never been better, Woody. ... Just once I'd like to be better.
		-- Cheers, Chambers vs. Malone


O'Riordan's Theorem:
	Brains x Beauty = Constant.

Purmal's Corollary:
	As the limit of (Brains x Beauty) goes to infinity,
availability goes to zero.


When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!


A woman's place is in the house... and in the Senate.


The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.


You will be surprised by a loud noise.


QOTD:
	"It's been real and it's been fun, but it hasn't been real fun."


Science Fiction, Double Feature.
Frank has built and lost his creature.
Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet.
The servants gone to a distant planet.
Wo, oh, oh, oh.
At the late night, double feature, Picture show.
I want to go, oh, oh, oh.
To the late night, double feature, Picture show.
		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show


My philosophy is: Don't think.
		-- Charles Manson


Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
something.


Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.


Scratch the average female and you'll find a purring bundle... at the
ready to love and honor, bake a torte and still produce quintuplets.
		-- Edgar Berman


She cried, and the judge wiped her tears with my checkbook.
		-- Tommy Manville


Where's the man could ease a heart
Like a satin gown?
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Satin Dress"


GET OFF THE FUCKING SYSTEM THIS INSTANT, YOU ASSHOLE!!!!


He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


He had heard that a certain whorehouse had a reputation for the bizarre.
So he drove to the place and, once inside, asked the Madam if she had anything
unusual for him to try.  "Things are pretty slow today," she said, "but I
do have one number you might enjoy."  She went on to describe a New Jersey
hen that had been trained to do blow jobs.
	"We've got her here, but only for the day."
	The visitor could hardly believe it, but he paid the fee and went
into a room with a hen.  After a frustrating hour of trying to force his
cock into the hen's mouth, he figured out that he was dealing with nothing
but a plain old chicken.  He left.  Thinking about it later, he decided
that he had had so much fun trying that he returned the few days later and
asked the Madam, "Do you have anything new today?"
	"Come this way," she said, and led him to a dark room where a group
of men were looking through a one-way mirror.  He saw that they were watching
a girl making it with a large doberman pinscher.
	"Wow!" he said to the man standing next to him.  "This is really
great!"
	The man replied, "Man, it ain't nothin'!  You shoulda been here
a week ago and seen the guy with the chicken!"


Now is the time for all good men to come to.
		-- Walt Kelly


After this was written there appeared a remarkable posthumous memoir that
throws some doubt on Millikan's leading role in these experiments.  Harvey
Fletcher (1884-1981), who was a graduate student at the University of Chicago,
at Millikan's suggestion worked on the measurement of electronic charge for
his doctoral thesis, and co-authored some of the early papers on this subject
with Millikan.  Fletcher left a manuscript with a friend with instructions
that it be published after his death; the manuscript was published in
Physics Today, June 1982, page 43.  In it, Fletcher claims that he was the
first to do the experiment with oil drops, was the first to measure charges on
single droplets, and may have been the first to suggest the use of oil.
According to Fletcher, he had expected to be co-authored with Millikan on
the crucial first article announcing the measurement of the electronic
charge, but was talked out of this by Millikan.
		-- Steven Weinberg, "The Discovery of Subatomic Particles"

Robert Millikan is generally credited with making the first really
precise measurement of the charge on an electron and was awarded the
Nobel Prize in 1923.


If it heals good, say it.


Hollerith, v.:
	What thou doest when thy phone is on the fritzeth.


Be a better psychiatrist and the world
will beat a psychopath to your door.


If we spoke a different language, we
would perceive a somewhat different world.
		-- Wittgenstein


Eat prune yogurt for that "get up and go" feeling.


The Computer made me do it.


A consultant is a person who borrows your watch, tells you what time it
is, pockets the watch, and sends you a bill for it.


A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.


Another day, another dollar.
		-- Vincent J. Fuller, defense lawyer for John Hinckley,
		   upon Hinckley's acquittal for shooting President Ronald
		   Reagan.


Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night,
God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light.

It did not last; the devil howling "Ho!
Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.


Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.


Rick:		"How can you close me up?  On what grounds?"
Renault:	"I'm shocked!  Shocked!  To find that gambling is
			going on here."
Croupier (handing money to Renault):
		"Your winnings, sir."
Renault:	"Oh.  Thank you very much."
		-- "Casablanca" (1942)


Nothing ruins the mood more during foreplay than the image of your
65-year old home room teacher trying to stretch a condom over a
cucumber.
		-- Dennis Miller


	"Jean, what is this attraction between Catholic girls and
Jewish men?"
	"You really want to know?"
	"Yeah."
	"Well, Carol, Jewish men are great in bed... right, Bob?  And
Catholic girls fuck like bunnies."


You must dine in our cafeteria.
You can eat dirt cheap there!!!!


Major premise:
	Sixty men can do sixty times as much work as one man.
Minor premise:
	A man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds.
Conclusion:
	Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second.

Secondary Conclusion:
	Do you realize how many holes there would be if people
	would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?


Mother told me to be good, but she's been wrong before.


	"Uncle Cosmo ... why do they call this a word processor?"
	"It's simple, Skyler ... you've seen what food processors do to
food, right?"
		-- MacNelley, "Shoe"


-- THE BATES MOTEL --
					... convenient
					...	clean
					...	cozy

	Norman, knock loudly,
	     I'm in the shower.

		M.


Norbert Wiener was the subject of many dotty professor stories.  Wiener was, in
fact, very absent minded.  The following story is told about him: when they
moved from Cambridge to Newton his wife, knowing that he would be absolutely
useless on the move, packed him off to MIT while she directed the move.  Since
she was certain that he would forget that they had moved and where they had
moved to, she wrote down the new address on a piece of paper, and gave it to
him.  Naturally, in the course of the day, an insight occurred to him.  He
reached in his pocket, found a piece of paper on which he furiously scribbled
some notes, thought it over, decided there was a fallacy in his idea, and
threw the piece of paper away.  At the end of the day he went home (to the
old address in Cambridge, of course).  When he got there he realized that they
had moved, that he had no idea where they had moved to, and that the piece of
paper with the address was long gone.  Fortunately inspiration struck.  There
was a young girl on the street and he conceived the idea of asking her where
he had moved to, saying, "Excuse me, perhaps you know me.  I'm Norbert Wiener
and we've just moved.  Would you know where we've moved to?"  To which the
young girl replied, "Yes, Daddy, Mommy thought you would forget."
	The capper to the story is that I asked his daughter (the girl in the
story) about the truth of the story, many years later.  She said that it wasn't
quite true -- that he never forgot who his children were!  The rest of it,
however, was pretty close to what actually happened...
		-- Richard Harter


I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.


Hell, n.:
	Truth seen too late.


National security is in your hands - guard it well.


You are at a business lunch when you are suddenly overcome with an
uncontrollable desire to pick your nose.  Since this is definitely a
no-no, you:

(a) Pretend to wave to someone across the room and with one fluid
    motion, bury your forefinger in your nostril right up to the 4th
    joint.

(b) Get everyone drunk and organize a nose picking contest with a prize
    to the one who makes his nose bleed first.

(c) Drop your napkin on the floor, and when you bend over to pick it up,
    blow your nose on your sock.


When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam:
I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
		-- Woody Allen


When in panic, fear and doubt,
Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.


You know if they ever find a way to harness sarcasm as an energy source,
you people are all going to owe me big.
		-- Bill Paul


Space is to place as eternity is to time.
		-- Joseph Joubert


The young lady had an unusual list,
Linked in part to a structural weakness.
She set no preconditions.


I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Returning from the men's room, a bar customer was sadly, shaking his head.
	"What's the matter, buddy?", inquired the bartender.
	"Well," replied the customer, "while I was in the men's room, I saw
someone had scribbled `Wendy gives really fabulous head; absolutely the best
blow job in the world!' on the wall."
	"Ahh, hell," said the bartender.  "Don't give it a second thought,
we get jerks in here like anywhere else."
	"I know," snarled the headshaker. "One of them scratched out the
phone number!"


If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
		-- Question James Thurber used to drive his German Shepherd
		   crazy.


There's nothing wrong with teenagers that
reasoning with them won't aggravate.


It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too
good either if you speak when your head is empty.


LIBRA (Sep. 23 to Oct. 22)
	Your desire for justice and truth will be overshadowed by your desire
	for filthy lucre and a decent meal.  Be gracious and polite.  Someone
	is watching you, so stop staring like that.


Last guys don't finish nice.
		-- Stanley Kelley, on the cult of victory at all costs


We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at
hand.
		-- James Watt


Dear Emily:
	I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to
summarize.  What should I do?
		-- Editor

Dear Editor:
	Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post
that.  On USENET, this is known as a summary.  It lets people read all the
replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way.  Do the same when
summarizing a vote.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Only two kinds of witnesses exist.  The first live in a neighborhood where
a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything
or even heard a shot.  The second category are the neighbors of anyone who
happens to be accused of the crime.  These have always looked out of their
windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing
peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
		-- Sicilian police officer


And the crowd was stilled.  One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence,
turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said.  Wide-eyed,
the Child raised his voice and said once again, "Why, the Emperor has no
clothes!  He is naked!"
		-- "The Emperor's New Clothes"


In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun.
Find the fun and snap!  The job's a game.
And every task you undertake, becomes a piece of cake,
	a lark, a spree; it's very clear to see.
		-- Mary Poppins


POSITIVE:
	Being mistaken at the top of your voice.


I had a dream that all the victims of The Pill came back...
boy, were they mad!
		-- Steven Wright


The operator's left hand quivered as she gingerly unlatched the
catch to the diskette reader.  Uncontrollably, she reached down,
guiding the sharply pointed diskette into the deep, dark slot.
The floppy diskette nearly folded under the repeated thrusts of
her hand, until finally she could control it no longer, her right
hand instinctively taking an option zero.  And then it all came at
once, thousands upon thousands of data bits flowing from diskette
to disk in a torrent of torrid transfer, as the helpless legs
of the 32 strained to remain on the floor.


Eat, drink, and be merry!  Tomorrow you may be in Utah.


Razors pain you;
Rivers are damp;
Acids stain you;
And drugs cause cramp.
Guns aren't lawful;
Nooses give;
Gas smells awful;
You might as well live.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Resume", 1926


If you cannot in the long run tell everyone
what you have been doing, your doing was worthless.
		-- Edwin Schrodinger


I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.


Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
		-- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.


	"Do you cheat on your wife?" asked the psychiatrist.
	"Who else?" answered the patient.


	Shortly after Churchill had grown a moustache, he was accosted by a
certain young lady whose political views were in direct opposition to his
own.  Fancying herself something of a wag, she exclaimed, "Mr. Churchill, I
care for neither your politics nor your moustache."  Unabashed, the young
statesman regarded her quietly for a moment, then wryly commented, "Suck my
dick."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


... in three to eight years we will have a machine with the general
intelligence of an average human being ... The machine will begin
to educate itself with fantastic speed.  In a few months it will be
at genius level and a few months after that its powers will be
incalculable ...
		-- Marvin Minsky, LIFE Magazine, November 20, 1970


One man's brain plus one other will produce one half as many ideas as
one man would have produced alone.  These two plus two more will
produce half again as many ideas.  These four plus four more begin to
represent a creative meeting, and the ratio changes to one quarter as
many ...
		-- Anthony Chevins


Your password is pitifully obvious.


Corrupt, adj.:
	In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.


If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.


He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much
a master of the world as he who is ready to die.
		-- Giacomo Leopardi


Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really over-
whelming majority of the crowd present.  Abusive and obscene language may
not be used by contestants when addressing members of the judging panel,
or, conversely, by members of the judging panel when addressing contestants
(unless struck by a boomerang).
		-- Mudgeeraba Creek Emu-Riding and Boomerang-Throwing Assoc.


What color is a chameleon on a mirror?


Be incomprehensible.  If they can't understand, they can't disagree.


Why isn't there some cheap and easy
way to prove how much she means to me?


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


