Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
		-- Eric Hoffer


Would you mind terribly much if I asked you to take your silly-assed
problem down the hall?


If girls are all sugar and spice, why do they taste like anchovies?


Household hint:
	If you are out of cream for your coffee,
	mayonnaise makes a dandy substitute.


But I always fired into the nearest hill or, failing that, into blackness.
I meant no harm;  I just liked the explosions.  And I was careful never to
kill more than I could eat.
		-- Raoul Duke


The hand that feeds the chicken every day finally wrings its neck instead,
thus proving that more sophisticated views about the uniformity of nature
would have been useful to the chicken.

		-- Bertrand Russell, "On Induction"


Hear about...
	the new instrument of credit especially designed for use in
	Los Angeles single bars?  It's called Bang Americard.


Dogs just don't seem to be able to tell the difference between important people
and the rest of us.


Q:	What's the capital of Canada?
A:	American.


Penguin Trivia #46:
	Animals who are not penguins can only wish they were.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82


FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.
		-- Steven Feiner


I didn't get sophisticated -- I just got tired.
But maybe that's what sophisticated is -- being tired.
		-- Rita Gain


... Now you're ready for the actual shopping.  Your goal should be to
get it over with as quickly as possible, because the longer you stay in
the mall, the longer your children will have to listen to holiday songs
on the mall public-address system, and many of these songs can damage
children emotionally.  For example: "Frosty the Snowman" is about a
snowman who befriends some children, plays with them until they learn
to love him, then melts.  And "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" is about
a young reindeer who, because of a physical deformity, is treated as an
outcast by the other reindeer.  Then along comes good, old Santa.  Does
he ignore the deformity?  Does he look past Rudolph's nose and respect
Rudolph for the sensitive reindeer he is underneath?  No.  Santa asks
Rudolph to guide his sleigh, as if Rudolph were nothing more than some
kind of headlight with legs and a tail.  So unless you want your
children exposed to this kind of insensitivity, you should shop
quickly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Computer Science is the only discipline in which we view
adding a new wing to a building as being maintenance
		-- Jim Horning


A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
		-- Brendan Francis


Finish the sentence below in 25 words or less:

	"Love is what you feel just before you give someone a good ..."

Mail your answer along with the top half of your supervisor to:

	P.O. Box 35
	Baffled Greek, Michigan


Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.


The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#32 -- Wrap it around a lonely frat man's pecker.


Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
		-- Eric Allman, "Sendmail Installation Guide"


	"Has anyone had problems with the computer accounts?"
	"Yes; I don't have one."
	"Okay, you can send mail to one of the tutors..."
		-- E. D'Azevedo, CS, University of Washington


Most plain girls are virtuous because of the scarcity of opportunity
to be otherwise.
		-- Maya Angelou, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings"


Tussman's Law:
	Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.


Well thaaaaaaat's okay.


The black bear used to be one of the most commonly seen large animals
because in Yosemite and Sequoia national parks they lived off of garbage
and tourist handouts.  This bear has learned to open car doors in
Yosemite, where damage to automobiles caused by bears runs into the tens
of thousands of dollars a year.  Campaigns to bearproof all garbage
containers in wild areas have been difficult, because as one biologist
put it, "There is a considerable overlap between the intelligence levels
of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists."


She stood there and peeled off her clothes,
And begged for a bang: goodness knows
	I am surely impure
	And I sizzled to scrure,
But the push had gone out of my hose.


I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.


Get Revenge!  Live long enough to be a problem for your children!


Honi soit la vache qui rit.


We are all dying -- and we're gonna be dead for a long time.


Croll's Query:
	If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?


Readers Ask:
	Is it possible to kill a vampire with a gun?

Vampires are a source of great irritation to the average homeowner and it is
usually to one's advantage to remove these pests as rapidly as possible.  If
a professional exterminator specializing in the undead is unavailable, it is
possible to handle the situation with common household items.  However, much
of the common folklore of vanquishing the undead needs clarifying.  First,
driving a sharpened Louisville Slugger through a vampire's heart will NOT kill
it.  Since it's not quite alive, why would the heart be any different than
puncturing it in the, for example, left buttock?  Stake driving should be
avoided at any cost since its effect will be to terribly annoy the vampire,
and the last thing you want on your hands is an irate Lord of Darkness.
Handguns are also a definite no-no.  Common sense indicates that it requires
more to defeat an incarnation of evil than hurling lumps of lead or silver
through its body.  One time-honored method is to expose the vampire to the
sun, sever its head (any power saw should be sufficient), fill its mouth with
holy wafers (vanilla wafers over which the Lord's prayer has been read will
do in a pinch), immerse the head in an urn filled with holy water, place the
urn in consecrated lands and bury the rest of the body underneath a crossroad
(i.e. the intersection of Broad & Chestnut).  Sure, it's a lot of work.  But
you'll never have to worry about those damn bats pestering the neighbors again.


	"We've decided to have the budgie put down."
	"Oh, is he very old then?"
	"No, we just don't like him."
	"Oh.  How do they put budgies down anyway?"
	"Well, it's funny you should be asking that, as I've been reading a
great big book called `How to put your budgie down'.  And as I understand it,
you can either hit them over the head with the book, or shoot them there, just
above the beak."
	"Mrs. Conkers flushed hers down the loo."
	"Oh, you don't want to do that, because they breed in the sewers and
pretty soon you get huge evil smelling flocks of soiled budgies flying out
of peoples lavatories infringing their personal freedoms."
		-- Monty Python


Marriage is a ghastly public confession of a strictly private intention.


I came; I saw; I fucked up.


	There once was this swami who lived above a delicatessen.  Seems one
day he decided to stop in downstairs for some fresh liver.  Well, the owner
of the deli was a bit of a cheap-skate, and decided to pick up a little extra
change at his customer's expense.  Turning quietly to the counterman, he
whispered, "Weigh down upon the swami's liver!"


An evil mind is a great comfort.


Never let your schooling interfere with your education.


I'm not even going to *bother* comparing C to BASIC or FORTRAN.
		-- L. Zolman, creator of BDS C


Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some sheep's
testicles for a bet...  God, that bloody sheep kicked him!
		-- Ripping Yarns


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. Having a beer can't make you pregnant.
 2. A beer wouldn't trade you in on a sports car.
 3. If a beer did have a sports car, it wouldn't love it more than you.
 4. A beer doesn't want to go out alone with the other beers.
 5. A beer wouldn't waste its money on Playbeer magazine.
 6. You don't have to worry about getting AIDS from a bisexual beer.
 7. A beer won't switch the TV channel.
 8. A beer doesn't snore.
 9. A beer doesn't care that you can't find your car's carburator.
10. A beer doesn't think black leather bikinis are neat.


Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
		-- Scottish proverb


Hoaars-Faisse Gallery presents:
An exhibit of works by the artist known only as Pretzel.

The exhibit includes several large conceptual works using non-traditional
media and found objects including old sofa-beds, used mace canisters,
discarded sanitary napkins and parts of freeways.  The artist explores
our dehumanization due to high technology and unresponsive governmental
structures in a post-industrial world.  She/he (the artist prefers to
remain without gender) strives to create dialogue between viewer and
creator, to aid us in our quest to experience contemporary life with its
inner-city tensions, homelessness, global warming and gender and
class-based stress.  The works are arranged to lead us to the essence of
the argument: that the alienation of the person/machine boundary has
sapped the strength of our voices and must be destroyed for society to
exist in a more fundamental sense.


Gloffing is a state of mine.


Never worry about theory as long as the
machinery does what it's supposed to do.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Admittedly, there are a lot of things that are better than sex,
and a lot more that are worse; but there's nothing quite like it...


I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.
		-- Lillian Hellman


I heard there was a lot of sex on television these days,
but when I tried it I kept falling off.


The big question is why in the course of evolution the males permitted
themselves to be so totally eclipsed by the females.  Why do they tolerate
this total subservience, this wretched existence as outcasts who are
hungry all the time?


Anyone who uses the phrase "easy as taking candy from a baby" has never
tried taking candy from a baby.
		-- Robin Hood


Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Don't tell me what you dream'd last night for I've been reading Freud.


Don't eat yellow snow.


If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.


Faith is the quality that enables you to eat blackberry jam
on a picnic without looking to see whether the seeds move.


She ran the gamut of emotions from "A" to "B".
		-- Dorothy Parker, on a Kate Hepburn performance


Chicago has journalists' bars, ethnic bars, neighborhood bars, even midget
bars, hundreds, maybe thousands of bars, on every neighborhood block.
I was drinking on afternoon in O'Rourke's, a bar on the Near North side.
It was dark and empty, which suited my mood.  A fat, stubble-bearded,
middle-aged man waddled in, took the stool next to mine, and ordered a
beer.  He was completely unremarkable, except that he was dressed, head
to toe, in a white-lace wedding gown.  After a silence, I said, "Been to
a wedding?"
	He brushed back his veil, rustled his petticoats and said, "Uh...
yeah."
	He silently finished his drink and left.  The bartender said, "You
know, even the transvestites in this town have five o'clock shadows."


The more laws and order are made prominent,
the more thieves and robbers there will be.
		-- Lao Tsu


It is bad luck to be superstitious.
		-- Andrew W. Mathis


Will your long-winded speeches never end?
What ails you that you keep on arguing?
		-- Job 16:3


Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness.
This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a
computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.


Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents:

	SPUD ROGERS OF THE 25TH CENTURY: Story of an Air Force potato that's
left in a rarely used chow hall for over two centuries and wakes up in a world
populated by soybean created imitations under the evil Dick Tater.  Thanks to
him, the soy-potatoes learn that being a 'tater is where it's at.  Memorable
line, "'Cause I'm just a stud spud!"

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER SERIES: Crazed potato who was left in a
fryer too long and was charbroiled carelessly returns to wreak havoc on
unsuspecting, would-be teen camp cooks.  Scenes include a girl being stuffed
with chives and Fleischman's Margarine and a boy served up on a side dish
with beets and dressing.  Definitely not for the squeamish, or those on
diets that are driving them crazy.

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER II,III,IV,V,VI: Much, much more of the same.
Except with sour cream.


Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts
to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
		-- Albert Einstein


If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little
of robbing; and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking,
and from that to incivility and procrastination.
		-- Thomas De Quincey (1785-1859)


Razors pain you;
Rivers are damp;
Acids stain you;
And drugs cause cramp.
Guns aren't lawful;
Nooses give;
Gas smells awful;
You might as well live.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Resume", 1926


In my sweet little Alice Blue gown
Was the first time I ever laid down,
	I was both proud and shy
	As he opened his fly
And the moment I saw it I thought I would die.

Oh it hung almost down to the ground,
As it went in I made not a sound,
	The more that he shoved it
	The more that I loved it,
As he came on my Alice Blue gown.


Blame Saint Andreas -- it's all his fault.


The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
		-- Scotty


QOTD:
	"Well, let's say she's friendly.  Last year she was the Herpes
	Poster Girl."


When I need something
To help me unwind
I find a six-foot baby		What kind of guy
With a one-track mind		Does a lot for me
Smart guys are nowhere		Superman
They make demands		With a lobotomy
Give me a moron			My father's out of Harvard
With talented hands		My brother's out of Yale
I go bar-hopping		Well the guy I took home last night
And they say "Last call"	Just got out of jail
I start shopping		The way he grabbed and threw me
For a Neanderthal		Oooo, it really got me hot
				But the way he growled and bit me
The bigger they come		I hoped he had his shots
The harder I fall
In love till we're done		The bigger they are
Then they're out in the hall	The harder they'll work
				I got a soft spot
				For a good-looking jerk
		-- Julie Brown, "I Like 'Em Big and Stupid"


Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kind of neat.
		-- John Lehman, Secretary of the Navy, 1981-1987


If you are going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance.


Q:	How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.


It's better to be pissed off than pissed on.


I have often looked at women and committed adultery in my heart.
		-- Jimmy Carter


The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse.

Cowboy: "Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess.  Hardworkin'.
Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but..."

Horse:  "No, stupid, not feed*back*.  I said I wanted a feed*bag*.


I have just enough white in me to make my honesty questionable.
		-- Will Rogers


(6)	Men employees will be given time off each week for courting
	purposes, or two evenings a week if they go regularly to church.
(7)	After an employee has spent his thirteen hours of labor in the
	office, he should spend the remaining time reading the Bible
	and other good books.
(8)	Every employee should lay aside from each pay packet a goodly
	sum of his earnings for his benefit during his declining years,
	so that he will not become a burden on society or his betters.
(9)	Any employee who smokes Spanish cigars, uses alcoholic drink
	in any form, frequents pool tables and public halls, or gets
	shaved in a barber's shop, will give me good reason to suspect
	his worth, intentions, integrity and honesty.
(10)	The employee who has performed his labours faithfully and
	without a fault for five years, will be given an increase of
	five cents per day in his pay, providing profits from the
	business permit it.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage
		    Works, 1872


Mitchell's Law of Committees:
	Any simple problem can be made insoluble
	if enough meetings are held to discuss it.


Hear about...
	the careless canary that did it for a lark?


Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.


Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.


A cow is a completely automated milk-manufacturing machine. It is encased
in untanned leather and mounted on four vertical, movable supports, one at
each corner.  The front end of the machine, or input, contains the cutting
and grinding mechanism, utilizing a unique feedback device.  Here also are
the headlights, air inlet and exhaust, a bumper and a foghorn.
	At the rear, the machine carries the milk-dispensing equipment as
well as a built-in flyswatter and insect repeller.  The central portion
houses a hydro- chemical-conversion unit.  Briefly, this consists of four
fermentation and storage tanks connected in series by an intricate network
of flexible plumbing.  This assembly also contains the central heating plant
complete with automatic temperature controls, pumping station and main
ventilating system.  The waste disposal apparatus is located to the rear of
this central section.
	Cows are available fully-assembled in an assortment of sizes and
colors.  Production output ranges from 2 to 20 tons of milk per year.  In
brief, the main external visible features of the cow are:  two lookers, two
hookers, four stander-uppers, four hanger-downers, and a swishy-wishy.


I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"


Q:	How do you know when it's time to wash the dishes?
A:	Look inside your pants; if you have a penis, it's not time.


I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to achieve immortality through not dying.
		-- Woody Allen


Playing poker with busty Ms. Ware,
He announced as he folded with flair,
	"I had four of a kind,
	But those aces combined,
Don't stack up, I'm afraid, with your pair."


The difference between art and science is that science is what we
understand well enough to explain to a computer.  Art is everything else.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Discover"


Filibuster, n.:
	Throwing your wait around.


To listen to some devout people,
one would imagine that God never laughs.
		-- Sri Aurobindo


APL is a write-only language.  I can write programs
in APL, but I can't read any of them.
		-- Roy Keir


Returning from the men's room, a bar customer was sadly, shaking his head.
	"What's the matter, buddy?", inquired the bartender.
	"Well," replied the customer, "while I was in the men's room, I saw
someone had scribbled `Wendy gives really fabulous head; absolutely the best
blow job in the world!' on the wall."
	"Ahh, hell," said the bartender.  "Don't give it a second thought,
we get jerks in here like anywhere else."
	"I know," snarled the headshaker. "One of them scratched out the
phone number!"


I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one,
but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already
because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even
after we've been home a long while.
		-- Casey Stengel


If a listener nods his head when you're
explaining your program, wake him up.


Every harlot was a virgin once.
		-- William Blake


I thought there was something fishy about the butler.  Probably a Pisces,
working for scale.
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "The Further Adventures of Nick Danger"


My mother didn't breast-feed me.  She said she liked me as a friend.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Since we cannot hope for order, let us withdraw with style from the chaos.
		-- Tom Stoppard


Preserve the old, but know the new.


I think the world is run by C students.
		-- Al McGuire


I fell asleep reading a dull book,
and I dreamt that I was reading on,
so I woke up from sheer boredom.


Take my word for it, the silliest woman can manage a clever man,
but it needs a very clever woman to manage a fool.
		-- Kipling


If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit Ears.


	Every morning, the crowd on Coney Island beach was startled to see
a jogger with the build of a pro football player but a head the size of a
baseball.  Finally, some brave young man got up the nerve to stop him and
ask, "What happened to give you such a small head?"
	The jogger sadly told the story of finding a magic lamp on the beach,
which produced a beautiful genie when rubbed.  The genie said, "I now give
you one wish.  Do you want a quick fuck or a little head?"


You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	You've been at work for an hour before you notice that your
		skirt is caught in your pantyhose.
(2)	Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife.
(3)	Your income tax check bounces.
(4)	You put both contact lenses in the same eye.
(5)	Your wife says, "Good morning, Bill" and your name is George.
(6)	You wake up to the soothing sound of flowing water... the day
		after you bought a waterbed.
(7)	You go on your honeymoon to a remote little hotel and the desk
		clerk, bell hop, and manager have a "Welcome Back" party
		for your spouse.


Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're
alive.
		-- John Sloan


	Mr. Jones related an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada
Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ordered some parts from a new supplier in Japan.  The
company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent
defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time).
	The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in
plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per
cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separately."
		-- Excerpted from an article in The (Toronto) Globe and Mail


Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Paralysis through analysis.


You are sick, twisted and perverted.
I like that in a person.


QOTD:
	"I opened Pandora's box, let the cat out of the bag and put the
	ball in their court."
		-- Hon. J. Hacker (The Ministry of Administrative Affairs)


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

BBW	Branch Both Ways
BEW	Branch Either Way
BBBF	Branch on Bit Bucket Full
BH	Branch and Hang
BMR	Branch Multiple Registers
BOB	Branch On Bug
BPO	Branch on Power Off
BST	Backspace and Stretch Tape
CDS	Condense and Destroy System
CLBR	Clobber Register
CLBRI	Clobber Register Immediately
CM	Circulate Memory
CMFRM	Come From -- essential for truly structured programming
CPPR	Crumple Printer Paper and Rip
CRN	Convert to Roman Numerals


He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.


The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zadeh


You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if
you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is,
and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...


Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.


Boy!  Eucalyptus!


It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?


Nobody knows the trouble I've been.


A bore is someone who persists in holding his
own views after we have enlightened him with ours.


In Duluth there's a hostess, forsooth,
Who doesn't know gin from vermouth,
	But this lubricant lapse
	Isn't noticed, perhaps
Because nobody does in Duluth.


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in
James Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon, KRON-TV


The passionate young thing was having a difficult time getting across what
she wanted from her rather dense boyfriend.  Finally she asked,
	"Would you like to see where I was operated on for appendicitis?"
	"Gosh, no!" he replied.  "I hate hospitals."


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Florence Flask was ... dressing for the opera when she turned to her
husband and screamed, "Erlenmeyer!  My joules!  Someone has stolen my
joules!"

"Now, now, my dear," replied her husband, "keep your balance and reflux
a moment.  Perhaps they're mislead."

"No, I know they're stolen," cried Florence.  "I remember putting them
in my burette ... We must call a copper."

Erlenmeyer did so, and the flatfoot who turned up, one Sherlock Ohms,
said the outrage looked like the work of an arch-criminal by the name
of Lawrence Ium.

"We must be careful -- he's a free radical, ultraviolet, and
dangerous.  His girlfriend is a chlorine at the Palladium.  Maybe I can
catch him there."  With that, he jumped on his carbon cycle in an
activated state and sped off along the reaction pathway ...
		-- Daniel B. Murphy, "Precipitations"


If it takes a bloodbath, lets get it over with.  No more appeasement.
		-- Ronald Reagan


...[after the announcement of Vanguard] ... Secretary of Defense Charles
Wilson (the same "Engine Charlie" who once told the Senate, "[F]or years
I've thought that what was good for our country was good for General Motors,
and vice versa," probably an accurate analysis) was asked whether the
Russians might beat the Americans into orbit.  "I wouldn't care if they
did," he responded.  (It was later claimed that Wilson favored the
development of the automatic transmission so that he could drive with
one foot in his mouth.)
		-- Smithsonian's Air&Space Magazine, "The Day the Rocket Died"


The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedom.
		-- Justice Douglas


You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets
wrinkled.


College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the
faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if
the trustees played.  There would be a great increase in broken arms,
legs, and necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the
loss to humanity.
		-- H. L. Mencken


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17 -- SARTRE

	Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely
unstructured language.  Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are.
Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions.  SARTRE
programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.


Woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool.
		-- Cervantes


I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.


I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.


QOTD:
	"It's been real and it's been fun, but it hasn't been real fun."


A man said to the Universe:
	"Sir, I exist!"
	"However," replied the Universe,
	"the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."
		-- Stephen Crane


Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
		-- Mickey Mouse


What we do not understand we do not possess.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


The trouble is, there is an endless supply of White Men,
but there has always been a limited number of Human Beings.
		-- Little Big Man


For 20 dollars, I'll give you a good fortune next time ...


It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
		-- Grantland Rice


Women Unite!  Make *_h_i_m* sleep in the wet spot tonight!


I am not a crook.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


It's midnight.  The old man is awake, nervously pacing the floor, as his
20-year-old son comes in.

	"Whatta you mean?  You staya out alla night, you runna around widda
bums.  Whatta you trying to do?"
	"Papa, don't talk like that," replies the boy.
	"Who-a you, tella me notta talka like that?  You no work, you
chase-a bad women, whatta become of you?"
	"Papa, *please* don't talk like that."
	"Don'ta talka like that?  Whatta you mean?  Why shouldn't I talka
likka that?"
	"Papa, we're not Italian."


There is not opinion so absurd that some philosopher will not express it.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero, "Ad familiares"


Q:	What does a blonde do first thing in the morning?
A:	She goes home.

Q:	Why does a blonde have fur on the hem of her dress?
A:	To keep her neck warm.

Q:	How do you make a blonde laugh on Monday?
A:	Tell her a joke on Friday.


Remember folks.  Street lights timed for 35 MPH are also timed for 70 MPH.
		-- Jim Samuels


Lobster:
  Everyone loves these delectable crustaceans, but many cooks are squeamish
  about placing them into boiling water alive, which is the only proper
  method of preparing them.  Frankly, the easiest way to eliminate your
  guilt is to establish theirs by putting them on trial before they're
  cooked.  The fact is, lobsters are among the most ferocious predators on
  the sea floor, and you're helping reduce crime in the reefs.  Grasp the
  lobster behind the head, look it right in its unmistakably guilty
  eyestalks and say, "Where were you on the night of the 21st?", then
  flourish a picture of a scallop or a sole and shout, "Perhaps this will
  refresh that crude neural apparatus you call a memory!"  The lobster will
  squirm noticeably.  It may even take a swipe at you with one of its claws.
  Incorrigible.  Pop it into the pot.  Justice has been served, and shortly
  you and your friends will be, too.
		-- Dave Barry, Cooking: The Art of Turning Appliances
			and Utensils into Excuses and Apologies


	He who receives ideas from me, receives instruction himself without
lessening mine; as he who lights his taper at mine receives light
without darkening me.
		-- Thomas Jefferson on patents on ideas


Clark Kent is a transvestite.


When they tell me to stick it where
the sun don't shine, I put it in Oregon.


The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
		-- John McNulty


NEVER swerve to hit a lawyer riding a bicycle -- it might be your bicycle.


One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.


