My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people's.
		-- Oscar Wilde


	A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender,
"Do you serve lawyers here?".
	"Sure do," replied the bartender.
	"Good," said the man.  "Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for
my 'gator."


There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.


You dialed 5483.


Encyclopedia for sale by father.
Son knows everything.


A place for everything and everything in its place.
		-- Isabella Mary Beeton, "The Book of Household Management"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to memory management system services.]


There's been no top authority saying what marijuana does to you.  I really
don't know that much about it.  I tried it once but it didn't do anything
to me.
		-- John Wayne


Alcohol is like love: the first kiss is magic, the second is intimate,
the third is routine.  After that you just take the girl's clothes off.
		-- Raymond Chandler


			Chapter 1

The story so far:

	In the beginning the Universe was created.  This has made a lot
of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


Showerbath: Natural venue for sexual adventures -- wash together, make love
together: only convenient overhead point in most apartments or hotel rooms
to attach a partner's hands.  Don't pull down the fixture, however -- it
isn't weightbearing.  See Discipline.
		-- The Joy of Sex


Hear about...
	the girl who called her boyfriend Amaretto, 'cause he was
	such a sweet liquor?


Ona day Ima gonna to Detroit to a bigga hotel.  Ina morning I go down to
eat breakfast.  I tella waitress I wanna two piss's toast.  She bringa me
only one piss.  I tella her I wanna two piss ona my plate.  She says you
better no piss on the plate, you sonna bitch.  I don't even know the lady
and she call me sonna bitch.  Later I go out to eat at the bigga restaurant.
The waitress bring me a spoon and a knife but no fock.  I tell her I wanna
fock.  She tells me everone wanna fock.  I tell her "you no understand", I
wanna fock on the table.  She say you better not fock on the table, you
sonna bitch.  So I go back to my room ina hotel and there isa no shits ona
my bed.  I calla the manager and tella him I wanna shit.  He tella me to go
to the toilet.  I say "you no understand", I wanna shit on the bed.  He say
you better no shit ona bed, you sonna bitch.  I go to check out and the man
at the desk say "peace to you".  I say piss on you too, you sonna bitch.  I
gonna back to Italy.


ANDROPHOBIA:
	Fear of men.


Court, n.:
	A place where they dispense with justice.
		-- Arthur Train


MARRIAGE:
	An old, established institution, entered into by two people deeply
	in love and desiring to make a commitment to each other expressing
	that love.  In short, commitment to an institution.


	"A penny for your thoughts?"
	"A dollar for your death."
		-- The Odd Couple


Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
		-- Will Rogers


Carelessly planned projects take three times longer to complete than expected.
Carefully planned projects take four times longer to complete than expected,
mostly because the planners expect their planning to reduce the time it
takes.


The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.


BACHELOR:
	A man who chases women and never Mrs. one.


What happens if a big asteroid hits Earth?  Judging from realistic simulations
involving a sledge hammer and a common laboratory frog, we can assume it will
be pretty bad.
		-- Dave Barry


What luck for the rulers that men do not think.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Nothing succeeds like success.
		-- Alexandre Dumas


In science it often happens that scientists say, "You know that's a really
good argument; my position is mistaken," and then they actually change
their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.  They really
do it.  It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are
human and change is sometimes painful.  But it happens every day.  I cannot
recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
		-- Carl Sagan, 1987 CSICOP keynote address


I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a
butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
		-- Chuang Tzu


Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin


	"But Huey, you PROMISED!"
	"Tell 'em I lied."


Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.


The person who marries for money usually earns every penny of it.


The makers may make,
And the users may use,
But the fixers must fix
With but minimal clues.


It's important that people know what you stand for.
It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.


God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh.


He does it with a better grace, but I do it more natural.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"


A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions
your wife asks you for nothing.
		-- Joey Adams


A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking,
and so do I.  I believe everything positively stinks.
		-- Lew Col


POLYGON:
	Dead parrot.


Basic Definitions of Science:
	If it's green or wiggles, it's biology.
	If it stinks, it's chemistry.
	If it doesn't work, it's physics.


The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions
is the most likely to be correct.
		-- William of Occam


There is a good deal of solemn cant about the common interests of capital
and labour.  As matters stand, their only common interest is that of cutting
each other's throat.
		-- Brooks Atkinson, "Once Around the Sun"


Bill Dickey is learning me his experience.
		-- Yogi Berra in his rookie season


Nothing will dispel enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Be it our wealth, our jobs, or even our homes;
nothing is safe while the legislature is in session.


	A man went to a doctor to have his penis enlarged.  Well, this
particular procedure involved splicing a baby elephant's trunk onto the
man's penis.  Overjoyed, the man went out with his best girl to a very
fancy restaurant.  After cocktails, the man's penis crept out of his pants,
felt around the table, grabbed a hard roll and quickly disappeared under
the tablecloth.  The girl was startled and exclaimed, "What was that?"
	Suddenly the penis came back, took another hard roll and just as
quickly disappeared.  The girl was silent for a moment, then finally said,
"I don't believe I saw what I think I just saw... can you do that again?"
	With a bit of an uncomfortable smile the man replied, "Honey, I'd
like to, but I don't think my ass can take another hard roll!"


The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence,
and the second the triumph of hope over experience.


...his disciples lead him in; he just does the rest.
		-- Tommy


How much does it cost to entice a dope-smoking UNIX system guru to
Dayton?
		-- Brian Boyle, UNIX/WORLD's First Annual Salary Survey


Finagle's First Law:
	To study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start.

Finagle's Second Law:
	Always keep a record of data -- it indicates you've been working.

Finagle's Fourth Law:
	Once a job is fouled up,
	anything done to improve it only makes it worse.

Finagle's Fifth Law:
	Always draw your curves, then plot your readings.

Finagle's Sixth Law:
	Don't believe in miracles -- rely on them.


Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it.
		-- Heisenberg


Fear is the greatest salesman.
		-- Robert Klein


Well, he went down to dinner in his Sunday best,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he rubbed the pot roast all over his chest,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy.)

He took in the 4am show at the Clark,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he bit the usherette's leg in the dark,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy.)

He took little Susie to the junior prom,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he raped her and killed her, then he took her home,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy!)

After ten long years they let him out of the home,
Excitable boy, they all said!
And he dug up her grave and built a cage with her bones,
Excitable boy, they all said!  (Well, he's just an excitable boy.)
		-- Warren Zevon, "Excitable Boy"


From 0 to "what seems to be the problem officer" in 8.3 seconds.
		-- Ad for the new VW Corrado


If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are
all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were
swimming.
		-- Jack Handey


Don't be concerned, it will not harm you,
It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of,
Across my dreams, with neptive wonder,
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.


Sam:	What's going on, Normie?
Norm:	My birthday, Sammy.  Give me a beer, stick a candle in
	it, and I'll blow out my liver.
		-- Cheers, Where Have All the Floorboards Gone

Woody:	Hey, Mr. P.  How goes the search for Mr. Clavin?
Norm:	Not as well as the search for Mr. Donut.
	Found him every couple of blocks.
		-- Cheers, Head Over Hill


Whatever you do will be insignificant,
but it is very important that you do it.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


In childhood a woman must be subject to her father; in youth to her
husband; when her husband is dead, to her sons.  A woman must never
be free of subjugation.
		-- The Hindu Code of Manu


BLISS is ignorance.


Go to the Scriptures... the joyful promises it contains will be a balsam to
all your troubles.
		-- Andrew Jackson

The foundations of our society and our government rest so much on the
teachings of the Bible that it would be difficult to support them if faith
in these teachings would cease to be practically universal in our country.
		-- Calvin Coolidge

Lastly, our ancestors established their system of government on morality and
religious sentiment.  Moral habits, they believed, cannot safely be trusted
on any other foundation than religious principle, nor any government be
secure which is not supported by moral habits.
		-- Daniel Webster


I do hate sums.  There is no greater mistake than to call arithmetic an
exact science.  There are permutations and aberrations discernible to
minds entirely noble like mine; subtle variations which ordinary
accountants fail to discover; hidden laws of number which it requires a
mind like mine to perceive.  For instance, if you add a sum from the
bottom up, and then again from the top down, the result is always
different.
		-- Mrs. La Touche (19th cent.)


If only Dionysus were alive!  Where would he eat?
		-- Woody Allen


Anyone can say "no." It is the first word a child learns and often the
first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no
explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for
intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of
thought on every occasion.
		-- Chuck Jones (Warner Bros. animation director.)


Responsibility:
	Everyone says that having power is a great responsibility.  This is
a lot of bunk.  Responsibility is when someone can blame you if something
goes wrong.  When you have power you are surrounded by people whose job it
is to take the blame for your mistakes.  If they're smart, that is.
		-- Cerebus, "On Governing"


TRANSACTION CANCELED - FARECARD RETURNED


QOTD:
	"My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?"


Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two
points.
		-- M. M. Johnston


Money may not buy happiness, but it sure
puts you in a great bargaining position.


Don't tell me how hard you work.  Tell me how much you get done.
		-- James J. Ling


There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature:
that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.


Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.


May a deranged midget on a pogo stick
take refuge in your sister's hoop skirt.


Schnuffel, n.:
	A dog's practice of continuously nuzzling in your crotch in
	mixed company.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends.


You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.


To a New Yorker, the only California houses on the market for less than
a million dollars are those on fire.  These generally go for six hundred
thousand.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Envy, n.:
	Wishing you'd been born with an unfair advantage,
	instead of having to try and acquire one.


The only really masterful noise a man makes in a house is the noise
of his key, when he is still on the landing, fumbling for the lock.
		-- Colette


	"Sir", said the beggar, "can you spare fifty dollars for a cup of
coffee?"
	"Fifty dollars for a cup of coffee, one should be sufficient!",
answered the gentleman, rather shortly.
	"I know", replied the beggar, "but coffee always makes me horny."


To be considered successful, a woman must be much better at her job
than a man would have to be.  Fortunately, this isn't difficult.


"Creation science" has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple
and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and
because good teachers understand exactly why it is false.  What could be
more destructive of that most fragile yet most precious commodity in our
entire intellectual heritage -- good teaching -- than a bill forcing
honorable teachers to sully their sacred trust by granting equal treatment
to a doctrine not only known to be false, but calculated to undermine any
general understanding of science as an enterprise?
		-- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Skeptical Inquirer"


Fuckoff, n.:
	The tie breaker at the Miss America Beauty Pageant.


Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!


Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.


"You would do well not to imagine profundity," he said.  "Anything that seems
of momentous occasion should be dwelt upon as though it were of slight note.
Conversely, trivialities must be attended to with the greatest of care.
Because death is momentous, give it no thought; because victory is important,
give it no thought; because the method of achievement and discovery is less
momentous than the effect, dwell always upon the method.  You will strengthen
yourself in this way."
		-- Jessica Salmonson, "The Swordswoman"


McCoy's a seducer galore,
And of virgins he has quite a score.
	He tells them, "My dear,
	You're the Final Frontier,
Where man never has gone before."


Give me your students, your secretaries,
Your huddled writers yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your Selectric III's.
Give these, the homeless, typist-tossed to me.
I lift my disk beside the processor.
		-- Inscription on a Word Processor


Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye,
particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Enter Conversing"


We interrupt this fortune for an important announcement...


A traveling salesman was driving past a farm when he saw a pig with three
wooden legs executing a magnificent series of backflips and cartwheels.
Intrigued, he drove up to the farmhouse, where he found an old farmer
sitting in the yard watching the pig.
	"That's quite a pig you have there, sir" said the salesman.
	"Sure is, son," the farmer replied.  "Why, two years ago, my daughter
was swimming in the lake and bumped her head and damned near drowned, but that
pig swam out and dragged her back to shore."
	"Amazing!"  the salesman exclaimed.
	"And that's not the only thing.  Last fall I was cuttin' wood up on
the north forty when a tree fell on me.  Pinned me to the ground, it did.
That pig run up and wiggled underneath that tree and lifted it off of me.
Saved my life."
	"Fantastic!  the salesman said.  But tell me, how come the pig has
three wooden legs?"
	The farmer stared at the newcomer in amazement.  "Mister, when you
got an amazin' pig like that, you don't eat him all at once."


On ability:
	A dwarf is small, even if he stands on a mountain top;
	a colossus keeps his height, even if he stands in a well.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca, 4BC - 65AD


One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.


Visit beautiful Vergas Minnesota.


The only thing better than love is milk.


The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they
are right and when they are wrong, are more powerful than is generally
understood.  Indeed, the world is ruled by little else.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


Bore, n.:
	A guy who wraps up a two-minute idea in a two-hour vocabulary.
		-- Walter Winchell


I sometimes think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his
ability.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.


Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that
each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his
choice.

In the old days, it was not called the Holiday Season; the Christians
called it "Christmas" and went to church; the Jews called it "Hanukkah"
and went to synagogue; the atheists went to parties and drank.  People
passing each other on the street would say "Merry Christmas!" or "Happy
Hanukkah!" or (to the atheists) "Look out for the wall!"
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Test makers do it:
	A: sometimes
	B: always
	C: never
	D: none of the above.


Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
		-- Beckett


Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Frank Zappa


Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer
of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that
continues to this day.
		-- Wayne Shannon


What did Snow white say when told she was pregnant?
	"I'd like to thank all the little people who made this possible..."

Presumably this all started that evening when she was feeling Happy...


High heels are a device invented by a woman
who was tired of being kissed on the forehead.


Theory of Selective Supervision:
	The one time in the day that you lean back and relax is
	the one time the boss walks through the office.


Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy,
vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?


An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize
the president but is always polite to traffic cops.


We boggies are a hairy folk		Ever hungry, ever thirsting,
Who like to eat until we choke.		Never stop till belly's bursting.
Loving all like friend and brother,	Chewing chop and pork and muttons,
And hardly ever eat each other.		A merry race of boring gluttons.

Sing: GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE.

Boggies gather 'round the table,	Anything edible, we've got dibs on,
Eat as much as you are able.		And hope we all die with our bibs on.
Gorge yourselves from moon till noon	Ever gay, we'll never grow up,
(Don't forget your plate and spoon.)	Come! And sing and play and throw-up!

Sing: GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE, GOBBLE!
		-- Bored of the Rings, "The Hobbits National Anthem"


Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear -- kept us in a
continuous stampede of patriotic fervor -- with the cry of grave national
emergency...  Always there has been some terrible evil to gobble us up if we
did not blindly rally behind it by furnishing the exorbitant sums demanded.
Yet, in retrospect, these disasters seem never to have happened, seem never
to have been quite real.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur, 1957


If you lose a son you can always get another,
but there's only one Maltese Falcon.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


Your worship is your furnaces
which, like old idols, lost obscenes,
have molten bowels; your vision is
machines for making more machines.
		-- Gordon Bottomley, 1874


Monday, n.:
	In Christian countries, the day after the football game.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she
knows that the average man can see much better than he can think.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal


Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.


Yeah, there are more important things in life than money,
but they won't go out with you if you don't have any.


For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
		-- Harlan Ellison


	"We've decided to have the budgie put down."
	"Oh, is he very old then?"
	"No, we just don't like him."
	"Oh.  How do they put budgies down anyway?"
	"Well, it's funny you should be asking that, as I've been reading a
great big book called `How to put your budgie down'.  And as I understand it,
you can either hit them over the head with the book, or shoot them there, just
above the beak."
	"Mrs. Conkers flushed hers down the loo."
	"Oh, you don't want to do that, because they breed in the sewers and
pretty soon you get huge evil smelling flocks of soiled budgies flying out
of peoples lavatories infringing their personal freedoms."
		-- Monty Python


Puritanism -- the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Book of Burlesques"


Real wealth can only increase.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


Kamikazes do it once.


Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.


"You would do well not to imagine profundity," he said.  "Anything that seems
of momentous occasion should be dwelt upon as though it were of slight note.
Conversely, trivialities must be attended to with the greatest of care.
Because death is momentous, give it no thought; because victory is important,
give it no thought; because the method of achievement and discovery is less
momentous than the effect, dwell always upon the method.  You will strengthen
yourself in this way."
		-- Jessica Salmonson, "The Swordswoman"


Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
		-- Mark Twain
		   "Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court"


Kinkler's First Law:
	Responsibility always exceeds authority.

Kinkler's Second Law:
	All the easy problems have been solved.


Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.


Mom's Law:
	When they finally do have to take you to the
	hospital, your underwear won't be clean or new.


Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.


Ah spring, when a fancy young man lightly turns his lover over.


...and report cards I was always afraid to show
Mama'd come to school
and as I'd sit there softly cryin'
Teacher'd say he's just not tryin'
Got a good head if he'd apply it
but you know yourself
it's always somewhere else
I'd build me a castle
with dragons and kings
and I'd ride off with them
As I stood by my window
and looked out on those
Brooklyn roads
		-- Neil Diamond, "Brooklyn Roads"


Frobnitz, pl. Frobnitzem (frob'nitsm) n.:
	An unspecified physical object, a widget.  Also refers to
electronic black boxes.  This rare form is usually abbreviated to
FROTZ, or more commonly to FROB.  Also used are FROBNULE, FROBULE, and
FROBNODULE.  Starting perhaps in 1979, FROBBOZ (fruh-bahz'), pl.
FROBBOTZIM, has also become very popular, largely due to its exposure
via the Adventure spin-off called Zork (Dungeon).  These can also be
applied to non-physical objects, such as data structures.


Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
lied.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"


The only thing we learn from history is that we do not learn.
		-- Earl Warren

That men do not learn very much from history is the most important of all
the lessons that history has to teach.
		-- Aldous Huxley

We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
		-- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

HISTORY:  Papa Hegel he say that all we learn from history is that we learn
nothing from history.  I know people who can't even learn from what happened
this morning.  Hegel must have been taking the long view.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"


Valerie: Aww, Tom, you're going maudlin on me ...
Tom:	 I reserve the right to wax maudlin as I wane eloquent ...
		-- Tom Chapin


Often statistics are used as a drunken man uses
lampposts -- for support rather than illumination.


A wise man can see more from a mountain top
than a fool can from the bottom of a well.


One monk said to the other, "The fish has flopped out of the net! How
will it live?"  The other said, "When you have gotten out of the net,
I'll tell you."


You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
A pity that it's totally undeserved.


	Risch's decision procedure for integration, not surprisingly,
uses a recursion on the number and type of the extensions from the
rational functions needed to represent the integrand.  Although the
algorithm follows and critically depends upon the appropriate structure
of the input, as in the case of multivariate factorization, we cannot
claim that the algorithm is a natural one.  In fact, the creator of
differential algebra, Ritt, committed suicide in the early 1950's,
largely, it is claimed, because few paid attention to his work.  Probably
he would have received more attention had he obtained the algorithm as
well.
		-- Joel Moses, "Algorithms and Complexity", ed. J. F. Traub


Fats Loves Madelyn.


Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting.
		-- Billy Rose


