Horace's best ode would not please a young woman as much
as the mediocre verses of the young man she is in love with.
		-- Moore


Lots of girls can be had for a song.
Unfortunately, it often turns out to be the wedding march.


			It's grad exam time...
COMPUTER SCIENCE
	Inside your desk you'll find a listing of the DEC/VMS operating
system in IBM 1710 machine code. Show what changes are necessary to convert
this code into a UNIX Berkeley 7 operating system.  Prove that these fixes are
bug free and run correctly. You should gain at least 150% efficiency in the
new system.  (You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.)

MATHEMATICS
	If X equals PI times R^2, construct a formula showing how long
it would take a fire ant to drill a hole through a dill pickle, if the
length-girth ratio of the ant to the pickle were 98.17:1.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
Describe the Universe.  Give three examples.


Ouch mosquito, silent by night,
Why pierce my skin, so white?
You grow plump, as a leech.
Stop!  I beseech (in vein).

I have no choice.
Why waste my voice,
When only a slap will do?
Ouch, I am bitten!
What ho, you are smitten!
Yo mosquito, fuck you.
		-- Mitchell Peck, "Ouch, Mosquito"


To give of yourself, you must first know yourself.


Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Today is what happened to yesterday.


There are three ways to get something done:
	1: Do it yourself.
	2: Hire someone to do it for you.
	3: Forbid your kids to do it.


Well, now that SUN's in bed with AT&T, I sure hope she sleeps with her
back to the wall.
		-- Guy Harris, on AT&T buying 20% of SUN Microsystems

Eat shit and die.  Strong memo to follow.
		-- Mike O'Dell, on AT&T buying 20% of SUN Microsystems


It takes a brave man to admit his mistakes.
Especially in a paternity hearing.


At the end of your life there'll be a good rest,
and no further activities are scheduled.


Secretary's Revenge:
	Filing almost everything under "the".


	A man went to a doctor to have his penis enlarged.  Well, this
particular procedure involved splicing a baby elephant's trunk onto the
man's penis.  Overjoyed, the man went out with his best girl to a very
fancy restaurant.  After cocktails, the man's penis crept out of his pants,
felt around the table, grabbed a hard roll and quickly disappeared under
the tablecloth.  The girl was startled and exclaimed, "What was that?"
	Suddenly the penis came back, took another hard roll and just as
quickly disappeared.  The girl was silent for a moment, then finally said,
"I don't believe I saw what I think I just saw... can you do that again?"
	With a bit of an uncomfortable smile the man replied, "Honey, I'd
like to, but I don't think my ass can take another hard roll!"


The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled
culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.


A bore is someone who persists in holding his
own views after we have enlightened him with ours.


Laws of Computer Programming:
	1. Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
	2. Any given program costs more and takes longer.
	3. If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
	4. If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
	5. Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
	6. The value of a program is proportional the weight of its output.
	7. Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of
		the programmer who must maintain it.


He's been like a father to me,
He's the only DJ you can get after three,
I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band,
And why he don't like me I don't understand.
		-- The Byrds


Real software engineers work from 9 to 5, because that is the way the
job is described in the formal spec.  Working late would feel like
using an undocumented external procedure.


Two men were sitting over coffee, contemplating the nature of things,
with all due respect for their breakfast.  "I wonder why it is that
toast always falls on the buttered side," said one.
	"Tell me," replied his friend, "why you say such a thing.  Look
at this."  And he dropped his toast on the floor, where it landed on the
dry side.
	"So, what have you to say for your theory now?"
	"What am I to say?  You obviously buttered the wrong side."


All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.


A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never
learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


Madison's Inquiry:
	If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?


To a New Yorker, all Californians are blond, even the blacks.  There are,
in fact, whole neighborhoods that are zoned only for blond people.  The
only way to tell the difference between California and Sweden is that the
Swedes speak better English.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


If they were so inclined, they could impeach
him because they don't like his necktie.
		-- Attorney General William Saxbe


You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.


I predict that today will be remembered until tomorrow!


You'll feel devilish tonight.
Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #4

WITLESS:
	Peter Weir directs Sylvester Stallone in the most challenging role
	of his career.  Stallone plays a Philadelphia police officer on the
	run from corrupt officials.  He is wounded and then nursed back to
	health by Amish Mennonites.  Fearful that they might unwittingly
	reveal his hiding place, he blows them all away.


Down to the Banana Republics,
Down to the tropical sun.
Go the expatriated Americans,
Hoping to find some fun.
Some of them go for the sailing,
Caught by the lure of the sea.
Trying to find what is ailing,
Living in the land of the free.
Some of them are running from lovers,
Leaving no forward address.
Some of them are running tons of ganja,
Some are running from the IRS.
Late at night you will find them,
In the cheap hotels and bars.
Hustling the senoritas,
While they dance beneath the stars.
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Banana Republics"


Ignore previous fortune.


This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.


The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she
served the family nothing but leftovers.  The original meal has never
been found.
		-- Calvin Trillin


But the greatest Electrical Pioneer of them all was Thomas Edison, who
was a brilliant inventor despite the fact that he had little formal
education and lived in New Jersey.  Edison's first major invention in
1877, was the phonograph, which could soon be found in thousands of
American homes, where it basically sat until 1923, when the record was
invented.  But Edison's greatest achievement came in 1879, when he
invented the electric company.  Edison's design was a brilliant
adaptation of the simple electrical circuit: the electric company sends
electricity through a wire to a customer, then immediately gets the
electricity back through another wire, then (this is the brilliant
part) sends it right back to the customer again.

This means that an electric company can sell a customer the same batch
of electricity thousands of times a day and never get caught, since
very few customers take the time to examine their electricity closely.
In fact the last year any new electricity was generated in the United
States was 1937; the electric companies have been merely re-selling it
ever since, which is why they have so much free time to apply for rate
increases.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Unix programmers do it with pipes.


Most people don't need a great deal of love
nearly so much as they need a steady supply.


The goal of science is to build better mousetraps.
The goal of nature is to build better mice.


Programmers get overlaid.


Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!


The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.


Dave has an aeroplane,
In which he likes to frisk.
Oh what a foolish boy,
His silly *.


Avec!


It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he
holds back one who is hastening.  Rather one should befriend the guest who
is there, but speed him when he wishes.
		-- Homer, "The Odyssey"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to scheduling.]


So, if there's no God, who changes the water?
		-- New Yorker cartoon of two goldfish in a bowl


Pickle's Law:
	If Congress must do a painful thing,
	the thing must be done in an odd-number year.


The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she
knows that the average man can see much better than he can think.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal


Vatican upholds ban on contraceptives: "To heir is humane," claims the Pope.


Of what you see in books, believe 75%.  Of newspapers, believe 50%.  And of
TV news, believe 25% -- make that 5% if the anchorman wears a blazer.


	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."


			Pittsburgh driver's test
7: The car directly in front of you has a flashing right tail light
   but a steady left tail light.  This means
	a) One of the tail lights is broken.  You should blow your
	   horn to call the problem to the driver's attention.
	b) The driver is signaling a right turn.
	c) The driver is signaling a left turn.
	d) The driver is from out of town.
The correct answer is d.
Tail lights are used in some foreign countries to signal turns.


The nervous young bride became irritated by her husband's lusty advances on
their wedding night and reprimanded him severely.
	"I demand proper manners in bed," she declared, "just as I do at
the dinner table."
	Amused by his wife's formality, the groom smoothed his rumpled hair
and climbed quietly between the sheets.  "Is that better?" he asked, with a
hint of a smile.
	"Yes," replied the girl, "much better."
	"Very good, darling," the husband whispered.  "Now would you
be so kind as to please pass the pussy?"


Living in the complex world of the future is somewhat
like having bees live in your head.  But, there they are.


Tear leather:
	To become excited, as in the sentence "Robin Hood tore
	his leather jerkin' off."


Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine.  When he awoke
he exclaimed:
	"I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine,
	or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


I'm sorry I missed.
		-- Squeaky Fromme


A critic is a bundle of biases held loosely together by a sense of taste.
		-- Whitney Balliett


I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"


A book is the work of a mind, doing its work in the way that a mind deems
best.  That's dangerous.  Is the work of some mere individual mind likely to
serve the aims of collectively accepted compromises, which are known in the
schools as 'standards'?  Any mind that would audaciously put itself forth to
work all alone is surely a bad example for the students, and probably, if
not downright antisocial, at least a little off-center, self-indulgent,
elitist.  ... It's just good pedagogy, therefore, to stay away from such
stuff, and use instead, if film-strips and rap-sessions must be
supplemented, 'texts,' selected, or prepared, or adapted, by real
professionals.  Those texts are called 'reading material.'  They are the
academic equivalent of the 'listening material' that fills waiting-rooms,
and the 'eating material' that you can buy in thousands of convenient eating
resource centers along the roads.
		-- The Underground Grammarian


Seems a computer engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were
driving down a mountain when the brakes gave out.  They screamed down the
mountain, gaining speed, but finally managed to grind to a halt, more by
luck than anything else, just inches from a thousand foot drop to jagged
rocks.  They all got out of the car:
	The computer engineer said, "I think I can fix it."
	The systems analyst said, "No, no, I think we should take it
into town and have a specialist look at it."
	The programmer said, "OK, but first I think we should get back
in and see if it does it again."


Q:	What do you get when you cross a pit bull with a prostitute?
A:	Your last blowjob.


They're basically very smelly houseplants until they get to the crawling
age.  You're constantly terrified that they're going to randomly die on
you, but the rules for preventing that outcome are straightforward and
hard to forget.
		-- Thomas Ptacek, giving advice to a new father


	Exxon's "Universe of Energy" tends to the peculiar rather than the
humorous ... After [an incomprehensible film montage about wind and sun and
rain and strip mines and] two or three minutes of mechanical confusion, the
seats locomote through a short tunnel filled with clock-work dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs are depicted without accuracy and too close to your face.
	"One of the few real novelties at Epcot is the use of smell to
aggravate illusions.  Of course, no one knows what dinosaurs smelled like,
but Exxon has decided they smelled bad.
	"At the other end of Dino Ditch ... there's a final, very addled
message about facing challengehood tomorrow-wise.  I dozed off during this,
but the import seems to be that dinosaurs don't have anything to do with
energy policy and neither do you."
		-- P. J. O'Rourke, "Holidays in Hell"


Have you ever wondered what makes Californians so calm?  Besides drugs, I
mean.  The answer is hot tubs.  A hot tub is a redwood container filled with
water that you sit in naked with members of the opposite sex, none of whom
is necessarily your spouse.  After a few hours in their hot tubs, Californians
don't give a damn about earthquakes or mass murderers.  They don't give a
damn about anything, which is why they are able to produce "Laverne and
Shirley" week after week.
		-- Dave Barry


Coors, n.:
	Like making love in a canoe -- fucking close to water.


If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?


The Commandments of the EE:

1:	Beware of lightning that lurketh in an uncharged condenser
	lest it cause thee to bounce upon thy buttocks in a most
	embarrassing manner.
2:	Cause thou the switch that supplieth large quantities of juice to
	be opened and thusly tagged, that thy days may be long in this
	earthly vale of tears.
3:	Prove to thyself that all circuits that radiateth, and upon
	which the worketh, are grounded and thusly tagged lest they lift
	thee to a radio frequency potential and causeth thee to make like
	a radiator too.
4:	Tarry thou not amongst these fools that engage in intentional
	shocks for they are not long for this world and are surely
	unbelievers.


Fourth Law of Revision:
	It is usually impractical to worry beforehand about
	interferences -- if you have none, someone will make one
	for you.


To any truly impartial person, it would
be obvious that I am always right.


At these prices, I lose money -- but I make it up in volume.
		-- Peter G. Alaquon


He's just a politician trying to save both his faces...


I only know what I read in the papers.
		-- Will Rogers


Regnant populi.


	A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another
finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact.  Someone pointed out that it's
the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.


Break into jail and claim police brutality.


If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.


What is love but a second-hand emotion?
		-- Tina Turner


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


Job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.


Long, long ago, in the Old West, a rancher rode into town to buy supplies.
When he returned, he found that his whole family had been killed, his wife
raped, his house burned, and all his cattle rustled.  When he told his
distant neighbors about the tragedy, a few of them reported that the only
stranger they had seen in the area for weeks was a tall desperado wearing a
black hat and a red neckerchief.
	The cowboy saddled his fastest horse and set out to find the villian.
He searched for months but couldn't catch up with the culprit; in town after
dusty town he was told that a man fitting the description had been there but
had just departed; usually after some heinous crime.
	One evening after a hard day's ride he came into a town, tied his
horse, and entered the saloon.  At a table in the corner sat an ugly man,
with a black hat and a red neckerchief!  Slowly the cowboy stalked up to
this man, his hands resting upon his guns.
	"Are you the man who killed my family, raped my wife, burned my
house and rustled my cattle?"
	"Probably; after so many, how can I be sure?" snarled the bandit.
	"You better cut that shit out!"


Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics.
		-- French Proverb


As to Jesus of Nazareth... I think the system of Morals and his Religion,
as he left them to us, the best the World ever saw or is likely to see;
but I apprehend it has received various corrupting Changes, and I have,
with most of the present Dissenters in England, some doubts as to his
divinity.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


When you're a Yup
You're a Yup all the way
From your first slice of Brie
To your last Cabernet.

When you're a Yup
You're not just a dreamer
You're making things happen
You're driving a Beamer.


Education and religion are two things not regulated by supply and
demand.  The less of either the people have, the less they want.
		-- Charlotte Observer, 1897


The One Page Principle:
	A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch paper
	cannot be understood.
		-- Mark Ardis


I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's
accomplishments.  The front page has nothing but man's failures.
		-- Chief Justice Earl Warren


An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize
winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.  He was amazed to find that
over Bohr's desk was a horseshoe, securely nailed to the wall, with the
open end up in the approved manner (so it would catch the good luck and not
let it spill out).  The American said with a nervous laugh,
	"Surely you don't believe the horseshoe will bring you good luck,
do you, Professor Bohr?  After all, as a scientist --"
Bohr chuckled.
	"I believe no such thing, my good friend.  Not at all.  I am
scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense.  However, I am told
that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not."


I can't seem to bring myself to say, "Well, I guess I'll be toddling along."
It isn't that I can't toddle.  It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
		-- Robert Benchley


While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's
still very reassuring to know that it's still there.


Byte your tongue.


It has long been an axiom of mine that the
little things are infinitely the most important.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Case of Identity"


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #14
What to do...
    if reality disappears?
	Hope this one doesn't happen to you.  There isn't much that you
	can do about it.  It will probably be quite unpleasant.

    if you meet an older version of yourself who has invented a time
    traveling machine, and has come from the future to meet you?
	Play this one by the book.  Ask about the stock market and cash in.
	Don't forget to invent a time traveling machine and visit your
	younger self before you die, or you will create a paradox.  If you
	expect this to be tricky, make sure to ask for the principles
	behind time travel, and possibly schematics.  Never, NEVER, ask
	when you'll die, or if you'll marry your current SO.


If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in
James Watt's office.
		-- Wayne Shannon, KRON-TV


Unix is the worst operating system; except for all others.
		-- Berry Kercheval


Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!


The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.


Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.


It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.


Doctors and lawyers must go to school for years and years, often with
little sleep and with great sacrifice to their first wives.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.


You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.
Therefore you have few friends.


Etymology, n.:
	Some early etymological scholars came up with derivations that
	were hard for the public to believe.  The term 'etymology' was
	formed from the Latin 'etus' ("eaten"), the root 'mal' ("bad"),
	and 'logy' ("study of").  It meant "the study of things that are
	hard to swallow."
		-- Mike Kellen


We are not loved by our friends for what we are;
rather, we are loved in spite of what we are.
		-- Victor Hugo


