Seems a computer engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were
driving down a mountain when the brakes gave out.  They screamed down the
mountain, gaining speed, but finally managed to grind to a halt, more by
luck than anything else, just inches from a thousand foot drop to jagged
rocks.  They all got out of the car:
	The computer engineer said, "I think I can fix it."
	The systems analyst said, "No, no, I think we should take it
into town and have a specialist look at it."
	The programmer said, "OK, but first I think we should get back
in and see if it does it again."


Genius, n.:
	A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with
	"bright".


A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Have you ever tried to tickle yourself?  Everybody has some wacko aunt or
uncle that can just point at you and have you rolling with laughter.  But
if you shove your fist in your underarm for a week and a half you won't
laugh.  Somehow your underarm just knows that it's *your* fist.  Thank God
other parts of our bodies are dumber.


It's gonna be alright,
It's almost midnight,
And I've got two more bottles of wine.


It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton


The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.
		-- Maurice Baring


Q:	How do you tell if an elephant has been making love in your
	backyard?
A:	If all your trashcan liners are missing ...


Q:	What do a blonde and your computer have in common?
A:	You don't know how much either of them mean to you until
	they go down on you.

Q:	What's the advantage to being married to a blonde?
A:	You can park in the handicapped zone.

Q:	Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw
	puzzle in only 6 months?
A:	Because on the box it said "From 2-4 years".


They told me you had proven it		When they discovered our results
About a month before.			Their hair began to curl
The proof was valid, more or less	Instead of understanding it
But rather less than more.		We'd run the thing through PRL.

He sent them word that we would try	Don't tell a soul about all this
To pass where they had failed		For it must ever be
And after we were done, to them		A secret, kept from all the rest
The new proof would be mailed.		Between yourself and me.

My notion was to start again
Ignoring all they'd done
We quickly turned it into code
To see if it would run.


Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.


God is a polytheist.


The glances over cocktails
That seemed to be so sweet
Don't seem quite so amorous
Over Shredded Wheat


What they say:			What they mean:

New				Different colors from previous version.
All New				Not compatible with previous version.
Exclusive			Nobody else has documentation.
Unmatched			Almost as good as the competition.
Design Simplicity		The company wouldn't give us any money.
Fool-proof Operation		All parameters are hard-coded.
Advanced Design			Nobody really understands it.
Here At Last			Didn't get it done on time.
Field Tested			We don't have any simulators.
Years of Development		Finally got one to work.
Unprecedented Performance	Nothing ever ran this slow before.
Revolutionary			Disk drives go 'round and 'round.
Futuristic			Only runs on a next generation supercomputer.
No Maintenance			Impossible to fix.
Performance Proven		Worked through Beta test.
Meets Tough Quality Standards	It compiles without errors.
Satisfaction Guaranteed		We'll send you another pack if it fails.
Stock Item			We shipped it before and can do it again.


To find a friend one must close one eye; to keep him -- two.
		-- Norman Douglas


Van Roy's Law:
	An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.


I was in accord with the system so long as it
permitted me to function effectively.
		-- Albert Speer


A Chicago salesman was about to check into a St. Louis hotel when he noticed
a very charming woman staring admiringly at him.  He walked over and spoke
with her for a few minutes, then returned to the front desk, where they checked
in as Mr. and Mrs.
	After a very pleasurable three-day stay, the man approached the front
desk and told the clerk he was checking out.  In a few minutes, he was handed
a bill for $2500.
	"There must be some mistake," the salesman said.  "I've been here for
only three days."
	"Yes, sir," the clerk replied.  "But your wife has been here a month
and a half."


A beautiful man is paradise for the eyes, hell for the soul, and
purgatory for the purse.


Why don't elephants eat penguins ?

Because they can't get the wrappers off ...


Probable-Possible, my black hen,
She lays eggs in the Relative When.
She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now
Because she's unable to postulate How.
		-- Frederick Winsor


If you're going to do something tonight
that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
		-- Henny Youngman


	"What do you give a man who has everything?" the pretty teenager
asked her mother.
	"Encouragement, dear," she replied.


Q:	What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer?
A:	The taste.


Alimony is the curse of the writing classes.
		-- Norman Mailer


POSITIVE:
	Being mistaken at the top of your voice.


If you marry a man who cheats on his wife, you'll
be married to a man who cheats on his wife.
		-- Ann Landers


Love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.


Dammit, how many times do I have to tell you?  _F_I_R_S_T you rape,
_T_H_E_N you pillage!!


Jogger, n.:
	An odd sort of person with a thing for pain.


One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
[...]
sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".


Murphy was an optimist.


Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
		-- Edouard Le Berquier, "Pensees des Autres"


My father was a God-fearing man, but he never
missed a copy of the New York Times, either.
		-- E. B. White


As I was going up Punch Card Hill,
	Feeling worse and worser,
There I met a C.R.T.
	And it drop't me a cursor.

C.R.T., C.R.T.,
	Phosphors light on you!
If I had fifty hours a day
	I'd spend them all at you.
		-- Uncle Colonel's Cursory Rhymes


Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his
roars.  Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the
forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind
the railroad yards."
		-- H. L. Mencken, writing of William Jennings Bryan,
		   counsel for the supporters of Tennessee's anti-evolution
		   law at the Scopes "Monkey Trial" in 1925.


Real Time, adj.:
	Here and now, as opposed to fake time, which only occurs there
	and then.


I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
		-- John Foreman


An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.


Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man I want my children
to spend their weekends with?
		-- Rita Rudner


Stock's Observation:
	You no sooner get your head above water
	but what someone pulls your flippers off.


You will have many recoverable tape errors.


	A man went to a doctor to have his penis enlarged.  Well, this
particular procedure involved splicing a baby elephant's trunk onto the
man's penis.  Overjoyed, the man went out with his best girl to a very
fancy restaurant.  After cocktails, the man's penis crept out of his pants,
felt around the table, grabbed a hard roll and quickly disappeared under
the tablecloth.  The girl was startled and exclaimed, "What was that?"
	Suddenly the penis came back, took another hard roll and just as
quickly disappeared.  The girl was silent for a moment, then finally said,
"I don't believe I saw what I think I just saw... can you do that again?"
	With a bit of an uncomfortable smile the man replied, "Honey, I'd
like to, but I don't think my ass can take another hard roll!"


Q:	Why do mice have such small balls?
A:	Very few of them know how to dance!


Power, like a desolating pestilence,
Pollutes whate'er it touches...
		-- Percy Bysshe Shelley


We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to
the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his
children smart.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Minority Report"


Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
		-- Carl Sagan


Do your otters do the shimmy?
Do they like to shake their tails?
Do your wombats sleep in tophats?
Is your garden full of snails?


	A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master,
Knuth.  When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.  "Where is the
wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student.
	"Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a
pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new
disciples."
	Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.


Just because they are called "forbidden" transitions does not mean that they
are forbidden.  They are less allowed than allowed transitions, if you see
what I mean.
		-- From a Part 2 Quantum Mechanics lecture


Misery no longer loves company.
Nowadays it insists on it.
		-- Russell Baker


Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.


When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
		-- Raymond Chandler


QOTD:
	"I've always wanted to work in the Federal Mint.  And then go on
	strike.  To make less money."


Life exists for no known purpose.


One big pile is better than two little piles.
		-- Arlo Guthrie


An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do.
		-- Dylan Thomas


Cum Hilde autem ambulabat
Homo qui aedificabat.
	Dixit volebat.  Debet et potebat.
	Sic ille ducebat.  Statim faciebat.
Sed virginem pine necebat.


For that matter, compare your pocket computer with the
massive jobs of a thousand years ago.  Why not, then, the
last step of doing away with computers altogether?"
		-- Jehan Shuman


Some people say a front-engine car handles best.  Some people say a
rear-engine car handles best.  I say a rented car handles best.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


Calling you stupid is an insult to stupid people!
		-- Wanda, "A Fish Called Wanda"


These activities have their own rules and methods
of concealment which seek to mislead and obscure.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, 1960


Well I looked at my watch and it said a quarter to five,
The headline screamed that I was still alive,
I couldn't understand it, I thought I died last night.
I dreamed I'd been in a border town,
In a little cantina that the boys had found,
I was desperate to dance, just to dig the local sounds.
When along came a senorita,
She looked so good that I had to meet her,
I was ready to approach her with my English charm,
When her brass knuckled boyfriend grabbed me by the arm,
And he said, grow some funk of your own, amigo,
Grow some funk of your own.
We no like to with the gringo fight,
But there might be a death in Mexico tonite.
...
Take my advice, take the next flight,
And grow some funk, grow your funk at home.
		-- Elton John, "Grow Some Funk of Your Own"


We are all agreed that your theory is crazy.  The question which divides us is
whether it is crazy enough to have a chance of being correct.  My own feeling
is that it is not crazy enough.
		-- Niels Bohr


SAGITTARIUS (Nov 22 - Dec 21)
	You are optimistic and enthusiastic.  You have a reckless
	tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent.  The majority
	of Sagittarians are drunks or dope fiends or both.  People
	laugh at you a great deal.


It takes a brave man to admit his mistakes.
Especially in a paternity hearing.


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #1.

^Cu vi parolas angle?			Do you speak English?
Mi ne komprenas.			I don't understand.
Vi estas la sola esperantisto kiun mi	You're the only Esperanto speaker
	renkontas.				I've met.
La ^ceko estas enpo^stigita.		The check is in the mail.
Oni ne povas, ^gin netrovi.		You can't miss it.
Mi nur rigardadas.			I'm just looking around.
Nu, ^sajnis bona ideo.			Well, it seemed like a good idea.


The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all
progress depends on the unreasonable man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Only the fittest survive. The vanquished acknowledge their unworthiness by
placing a classified ad with the ritual phrase "must sell -- best offer,"
and thereafter dwell in infamy, relegated to discussing gas mileage and lawn
food.  But if successful, you join the elite sodality that spends hours
unpurifying the dialect of the tribe with arcane talk of bits and bytes, RAMS
and ROMS, hard disks and baud rates. Are you obnoxious, obsessed?  It's a
modest price to pay.  For you have tapped into the same awesome primal power
that produces credit-card billing errors and lost plane reservations.  Hail,
postindustrial warrior, subduer of Bounceoids, pride of the cosmos, keeper of
the silicone creed: Computo, ergo sum.  The force is with you -- at 110 volts.
May your RAMS be fruitful and multiply.
		-- Curt Suplee, "Smithsonian", 4/83


If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say
"Canada".  Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
		-- Sandra Gotlieb, wife of the Canadian ambassador to the U.S.


All intelligent species own cats.


QOTD:
	"Everything I am today I owe to people, whom it is now
	too late to punish."


Woolsey-Swanson Rule:
	People would rather live with a problem they cannot
	solve rather than accept a solution they cannot understand.


Hey, what do you expect from a culture that
*drives* on *parkways* and *parks* on *driveways*?
		-- Gallagher


Let no guilty man escape.
		-- U. S. Grant


Me, I love the rich.  *Somebody* has to love them.  Sure, a lot
of rich people are assholes, but believe me, a lot of poor people
are assholes too.  And an asshole with money can at least pay
for his own drinks.
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


A neighbor came to Nasrudin, asking to borrow his donkey.  "It is out on
loan," the teacher replied.  At that moment, the donkey brayed loudly inside
the stable.  "But I can hear it bray, over there."  "Whom do you believe,"
asked Nasrudin, "me or a donkey?"


I will follow the good side right to the fire,
but not into it if I can help it.
		-- Michel Eyquem de Montaigne


You never gain something but that you lose something.
		-- Thoreau


I accept chaos.  I am not sure whether it accepts me.  I know some people
are terrified of the bomb.  But then some people are terrified to be seen
carrying a modern screen magazine.  Experience teaches us that silence
terrifies people the most.
		-- Bob Dylan


Cinderella 10:
	A woman who sucks and fucks 'til midnight and
	then turns into a pizza and a six-pack.


One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to
do and always a clever thing to say.
		-- Will Durant


How can you do "New Math" problems with an "Old Math" mind?
		-- Schulz


And so it was, later,
As the miller told his tale,
That her face, at first just ghostly,
Turned a whiter shade of pale.
		-- Procol Harum


One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least
somebody's listening.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


You've got to think about tomorrow!

TOMORROW!  I haven't even prepared for *_y_e_s_t_e_r_d_a_y* yet!


Sure banking is Biblical!

How about when Onan received a substantial penalty for early withdrawal?
Or when Pharaoh's daughter went into the bulrushes and came out with a
little prophet?  And it was Moses who led the Children of Israel to the
Banks of the Jordan!


The algorithm for finding the longest path in a graph is NP-complete.
For you systems people, that means it's *real slow*.
		-- Bart Miller


You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
		-- Eugene Ionesco


QOTD:
	"It's sort of a threat, you see.  I've never been very good at
	them myself, but I'm told they can be very effective."


Mr. Rockford?  You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.  Could
you call me at...  My name is... uh...  Never mind, forget it!


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"A well-written program is its own heaven; a poorly-written program
	is its own hell."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Bureaucrat, n.:
	A politician who has tenure.


Hanson's Treatment of Time:
	There are never enough hours in a day,
	but always too many days before Saturday.


A sad spectacle.  If they be inhabited, what a scope for misery and folly.
If they be not inhabited, what a waste of space.
		-- Thomas Carlyle, looking at the stars


He who knows not and knows that he knows not is ignorant.  Teach him.
He who knows not and knows not that he knows not is a fool.  Shun him.
He who knows and knows not that he knows is asleep.  Wake him.


Look out for yourself -- or they'll pee on your grave.
		-- Louis B. Mayer

The reason so many people showed up at Louis B. Mayer's funeral
was because they wanted to make sure he was dead.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


C, n.:
	A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like
	assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything
	else.  It is either the best language available to the art today, or
	it isn't.
		-- Ray Simard


Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"


I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this country what it
once was ... an arctic wilderness.
		-- Steve Martin


Chamberlain's Laws:
	1: The big guys always win.
	2: Everything tastes more or less like chicken.


In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he
thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent
teacher should know.  "I would not leave the definition of math," Dr. Honig
said, "up to the mathematicians."
		-- The New York Times, October 22, 1985


Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.


Don't kid yourself.  Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.


Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
		-- Philippe Schnoebelen


Like ya know?  Rock 'N Roll is an esoteric language that unlocks the
creativity chambers in people's brains, and like totally activates their
essential hipness, which of course is like totally necessary for saving
the earth, like because the first thing in saving this world, is getting
rid of stupid and square attitudes and having fun.
		-- Senior Year Quote


Clarke's Third Law:
	Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from
	magic.

G's Third Law:
	In spite of all evidence to the contrary, the entire universe
	is composed of only two basic substances: magic and bullshit.

H's Dictum:
	There is no magic...


If Love Were Oil, I'd Be About A Quart Low
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard


HOST SYSTEM NOT RESPONDING, PROBABLY DOWN. DO YOU WANT TO WAIT? (Y/N)


What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do it.


There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted
armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


I've looked at the listing, and it's right!
		-- Joel Halpern


You may already be a loser.
		-- Form letter received by Rodney Dangerfield


A man who fishes for marlin in ponds
will put his money in Etruscan bonds.


A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.


Mathematicians often resort to something called Hilbert space, which is
described as being n-dimensional.  Like modern sex, any number can
play.
		-- Dr. Thor Wald, in "Beep/The Quincunx of Time", by
		   James Blish


I think that I shall never hear
A poem lovelier than beer.
The stuff that Joe's Bar has on tap,
With golden base and snowy cap.
The stuff that I can drink all day
Until my mem'ry melts away.
Poems are made by fools, I fear
But only Schlitz can make a beer.


I consider a new device or technology to have been
culturally accepted when it has been used to commit a murder.
		-- M. Gallaher


Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?"

In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?"
In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?"
In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?"
In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"


As fathers commonly go, it is seldom a misfortune to be fatherless;
and considering the general run of sons, as seldom a misfortune to
be childless.

The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is,
doubtless, a separation.
		-- Lord Chesterfield, letter to his son (1763)


Families, when a child is born
Want it to be intelligent.
I, through intelligence,
Having wrecked my whole life,
Only hope the baby will prove
Ignorant and stupid.
Then he will crown a tranquil life
By becoming a Cabinet Minister
		-- Su Tung-p'o


Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me,
"How good, how good does it feel to be free?"
And I answer them most mysteriously:
"Are birds free from the chains of the sky-way?"
		-- Bob Dylan


Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't.
The label means the price went up.
The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW"
means the price went way up.


Make a wish, it might come true.


I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine


