Divorce, n.:
	A change of wife.


If it is a Miracle, any sort of evidence will
answer, but if it is a Fact, proof is necessary.
		-- Samuel Clemens


A good programmer is someone who looks both ways before crossing a
one-way street.
		-- Doug Linder


		     JACK AND THE BEANSTACK
			  by Mark Isaak

	Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL
character named Jack.  Jack and his relations were poor.  Often their
hash table was bare.  One day Jack's parent said to him, "Our matrices
are sparse.  You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some
BASICs."  She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it
to him.
	So Jack set out.  But as he was walking along a Hamilton path,
he met the traveling salesman.
	"Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?" prompted the salesman
in high-level language.
	"I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips
and Apples," commented Jack.
	"I have a much better algorithm.  You needn't join a queue
there; I will swap your RAM for these magic kernels now."
	Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.  But when
he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she
started thrashing.
	"Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?  All these
kernels together hardly make up one byte," and she popped them out the
window ...


Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
		-- Frank Moore Colby


It is up to us to produce better-quality movies.
		-- Lloyd Kaufman,
		   producer of "Stuff Stephanie in the Incinerator"


The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing,
And surly Winter grimly flies.
Now crystal clear are the falling waters,
And bonnie blue are the sunny skies.
Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning,
The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell:
All creatures joy in the sun's returning,
And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell.

The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer,
The yellow Autumn presses near;
Then in his turn come gloomy Winter,
Till smiling Spring again appear.
Thus seasons dancing, life advancing,
Old Time and Nature their changes tell;
But never ranging, still unchanging,
I adore my bonnie Bell.
		-- Robert Burns, "My Bonnie Bell"


Manic-depressive, n.:
	Easy glum, easy glow.


I have a switch in my apartment that doesn't do anything.  Every once
in a while I turn it on and off.  On and off.  On and off.  One day I
got a call from a woman in France who said "Cut it out!"
		-- Steven Wright


Having a baby isn't so bad.  If you're a female Emperor penguin
in the Antarctic.  She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father,
then takes off for warmer weather where she eats and eats and
eats.  For two months, the father stands stiff, without food,
blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing the egg on his feet.  After
the little penguin is hatched, the mother sees fit to come home.
		-- L. M. Boyd, "Austin American-Statesman"


But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast
to the nearest gas station.


Deliberation, n.:
	The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is
	buttered on.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi):
		Mr. Gandhi, what do you think of Western Civilization?
Gandhi:		I think it would be a good idea.


Hear about...
	the Ayatollah Khomeini Doll?
	Wind it up and it takes Ken and Barbie hostage.


San Francisco is my kind of city,
Where the women are strong and the men are pretty.


RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_


I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
		-- Schulz


I could dance till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather
dance with the cows till you come home.
		-- Groucho Marx


When you're married to someone, they take you for granted ... when
you're living with someone it's fantastic ... they're so frightened
of losing you they've got to keep you satisfied all the time.
		-- Nell Dunn, "Poor Cow"


The King plugged the Queen's ass with mustard
To make her fuck hot, but got flustered,
	And cried, "Oh, my dear,
	I am coming, I fear,
But the mustard will make you come `plus tard'."


Logicians have but ill defined
As rational the human kind.
Logic, they say, belongs to man,
But let them prove it if they can.
		-- Oliver Goldsmith


I can't die until the government finds a safe place to bury my liver.
		-- Phil Harris


Dammit, how many times do I have to tell you?  _F_I_R_S_T you rape,
_T_H_E_N you pillage!!


Cunnilingus is next to godliness.


The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and
vinyl.
		-- Dave Barry


If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for
me!
		-- "Ma" Ferguson, Governor of Texas (circa 1920)


No one born with a mouth and a need is "innocent".
		-- Greg Bear


The difference between this school and a cactus plant is that the
cactus has the pricks on the outside.


In 1967, the Soviet Government minted a beautiful silver ruble with Lenin
in a very familiar pose - arms raised above him, leading the country to
revolution.  But, it was clear to everybody, that if you looked at it from
behind, it was clear that Lenin was pointing to 11:00, when the Vodka
shops opened, and was actually saying, "Comrades, forward to the Vodka shops.

It became fashionable, when one wanted to have a drink, to take out the
ruble and say, "Oh my goodness, Comrades, Lenin tells me we should go.


Q:	What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
A:	Dating a Canadian.


Churchill's Commentary on Man:
	Man will occasionally stumble over the truth,
	but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.


There was a man who enjoyed playing golf, and could occasionally put up
with taking in a round with his wife.  One time (with his wife along) he
was having an extremely bad round.  On the 12th hole, he sliced a drive
over by a grounds-keepers' shack.  Although he did not have a clear shot
to the green, his wife noticed that there were two doors on the shack,
and there was a possibility that, if both doors were opened, he might be
able to hit through.  Without hesitation, he instructed his wife to go
around to the other side and open the far door.  Sure enough, this gave
him a clear path to the green.  He stepped up to his ball and prepared
to hit.  His wife had been standing by the far door waiting for him to
hit through.  After a moment, she became curious and stuck her head in
the doorway, to see what he was doing.  At that exact moment, the husband
cracked a three-wood that hit his wife square on the forehead, killing
her instantly.  A few weeks later, the man was playing a round at the same
course, this time with a friend of his.  Once again on the 12th hole, he
sliced his drive to the shack.  His friend suggested that he might be able
to hit through, if he was to open both doors.
	"Nah", replied the man, "Last time I did that I took a 7".


The boys in the Epperson family all acquired fine educations except for Edward.
They made him go to school, but most of the time he just ignored what was said
there.  Yet there were rare moments when he could display a bit of curiosity.
	One day Edward was sitting at home looking at a magazine, and he said
to his brilliant older brother, Hud, he said, "Hud, what does fox pass mean?"
	Brother Hud gave the question some deep consideration and then said,
"You must mean _faux_pas_."
	"The way it's spelled," said dumb Ed, "it's fox pass."
	Hud took a look at the way it was spelled and then said, "It's a French
phrase -- it means a social blunder.  Remember last Sunday when the Bishop came
for dinner?  Mother took him out in the garden and they were looking over the
roses when the Bishop got stuck on the thumb by a thorn.  It was bleeding quite
a bit so Mother brought him in the house.  They went into the bathroom together
and stayed quite a while, and when they came out we all went to the dinner
table.  Remember all that, Ed?"
	"Yeh."
	"Now," Hud continued, "you recall that I was just getting to pass
the gravy when Mother said, 'Bishop, does your prick still throb?'  The gravy
bowl flew out of my hands and hit the table, and the gravy splattered all
over everyone.  And just at that point you, Brother Edward, you hollered,
'Sheee-itt!'  You remember that?"
	"Yeh."
	"Well, when you hollered 'Sheee-itt!' that was a _faux_pas_."


The fall of the USSR proves you wrong.
		-- Aryeh M. Friedman


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

BBW	Branch Both Ways
BEW	Branch Either Way
BBBF	Branch on Bit Bucket Full
BH	Branch and Hang
BMR	Branch Multiple Registers
BOB	Branch On Bug
BPO	Branch on Power Off
BST	Backspace and Stretch Tape
CDS	Condense and Destroy System
CLBR	Clobber Register
CLBRI	Clobber Register Immediately
CM	Circulate Memory
CMFRM	Come From -- essential for truly structured programming
CPPR	Crumple Printer Paper and Rip
CRN	Convert to Roman Numerals


Disc space -- the final frontier!


Ritchie's Rule:
	(1) Everything has some value -- if you use the right currency.
	(2) Paint splashes last longer than the paint job.
	(3) Search and ye shall find -- but make sure it was lost.


The only two things that motivate me and that matter to me are revenge
and guilt.
		-- Elvis Costello


The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach
their children to speak it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Of all the words of witch's doom
There's none so bad as which and whom.
The man who kills both which and whom
Will be enshrined in our Who's Whom.
		-- Fletcher Knebel


I wish that my room had a floor;
I don't so much care for a door,
	But this walking around
	Without touching the ground
Is getting to be quite a bore!
		-- Gelett Burgess


When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?


Mummy dust to make me old;
To shroud my clothes, the black of night;
To age my voice, an old hag's cackle;
To whiten my hair, a scream of fright;
A blast of wind to fan my hate;
A thunderbolt to mix it well --
Now begin thy magic spell!
		-- The Evil Queen, "Snow White"


It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.


A young man walks into a bus station, and goes into the men's room to relieve
himself.  When he steps in he sees a leprechaun with the most enormous penis
he has ever seen.  As he urinates, he cannot avoid spying on the giant member
of the tiny man dressed in green.  The leprechaun zips up and the man asks him
if he is indeed a real leprechaun.
	The little man says, "Aye, me laddie, I'm a leprechaun, and I can
grant you three wishes."
	"Oh, wow!" comes the reply, "What do I need to do?"
	"Well, havin' such a large cock makes it a bit awkward with the
ladies, the thing not fittin' and all...  I'll grant you your three wishes
if you wouldn't mind suckin' me dick 'til I come."  The man is a bit taken
aback, but agrees, realizing that the three wishes will be priceless.  After
the tiny fellow has come, he starts to walk away.
	The man exclaims, "Hey, what about my three wishes?"
	Replies the leprechaun, "How old are you, me boy?"
	"25."
	"Aren't you a wee bit old to be believin' in leprechauns?"


Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it,
for he shall enjoy living.
		-- W. C. Bennett


That boy's about as sharp as a pound of wet liver.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're
called.  Cats take a message and get back to you.


Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.


Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it,
for he shall enjoy living.
		-- W. C. Bennett


Bowie's Theorem:
	If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.


Regression analysis:
	Mathematical techniques for trying to understand why things are
	getting worse.


***** Special AI Seminar (abstract)

It has been widely recognized that AI programs require expert knowledge
in order to perform well in complex domains.  But knowledge alone is not
sufficient for some applications; wisdom is needed as well.  Accordingly,
we have developed a new approach to artificial intelligence which we call
"wisdom engineering".  As a test of our ideas, we have written IMMANUEL, a
wisdom based system for the task domain of western philosophical thought.
IMMANUEL was supplied initially with 200 wisdom units which contained wisdom
about such elementary concepts as mind, matter, being, nothingness, and so
forth.  IMMANUEL was then allowed to run freely, guided by the heuristic
rules contained in its heterarchically organized meta wisdom base.  IMMANUEL
succeeded in rediscovering most of the important philosophical ideas developed
in western culture over the course of the last 25 centuries, including those
underlying Plato's theory of government, Kant's metaphysics, Nietzsche's theory
of value, and Husserl's phenomenology.  In this seminar, we will describe
IMMANUEL's achievements and internal architecture.  We will also briefly
discuss our recent efforts to apply wisdom engineering to oil exploration.


You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets
wrinkled.


But you who live on dreams, you are better pleased with the sophistical
reasoning and frauds of talkers about great and uncertain matters than
those who speak of certain and natural matters, not of such lofty nature.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci, "The Codex on the Flight of Birds"


As my dear auntie used to say, "Love makes the world go 'round, but sex
makes the ride fun."


I owe the public nothing.
		-- J. P. Morgan


Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity.
		-- Robert Firth


If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.


I woke up a feelin' mean
went down to play the slot machine
the wheels turned round,
and the letters read
"Better head back to Tennessee Jed"
		-- Grateful Dead


Gumperson's Law:
	The probability of a given event
	occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.


	The devout Jew was beside himself because his son had been dating
a shiksa, so he went to visit his rabbi.  The rabbi listened solemnly to
his problem, took his hand, and said, "Pray to God."
	So the Jew went to the synagogue, bowed his head, and prayed, "God,
please help me.  My son, my favorite son, he's going to marry a shiksa, he
sees nothing but goyim..."
	"Your son," boomed down this voice from the heavens, "you think
you got problems.  What about my son?"


	"I have examined Bogota," he said, "and the case is clearer to me.
I think very probably he might be cured."
	"That is what I have always hoped," said old Yacob.
	"His brain is affected," said the blind doctor.
	The elders murmured assent.
	"Now, what affects it?"
	"Ah!" said old Yacob.
	"This," said the doctor, answering his own question.  "Those queer
things that are called the eyes, and which exist to make an agreeable soft
depression in the face, are diseased, in the case of Bogota, in such a way
as to affect his brain.  They are greatly distended, he has eyelashes, and
his eyelids move, and consequently his brain is in a state of constant
irritation and distraction."
	"Yes?" said old Yacob.  "Yes?"
	"And I think I may say with reasonable certainty that, in order
to cure him completely, all that we need do is a simple and easy surgical
operation - namely, to remove those irritant bodies."
	"And then he will be sane?"
	"Then he will be perfectly sane, and a quite admirable citizen."
	"Thank heaven for science!" said old Yacob.
		-- H. G. Wells, "The Country of the Blind"


Liar, n.:
	A lawyer with a roving commission.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.


	It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and
by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate
the habit of thinking about what we are doing.  The precise opposite is the
case.  Civilization advances by extending the numbers of important operations
which we can perform without thinking about them.  Operations of thought are
like cavalry charges in battle -- they are strictly limited in number, they
require fresh horses, and must only be made at decisive moments.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Once you come out as a Pagan bisexual married leatherdyke,
the rest of life is that much easier.


Ginsburg's Law:
	At the precise moment you take off your shoe in a shoe store, your
	big toe will pop out of your sock to see what's going on.


"That's no answer," Job said, "And for someone who's supposed to be
omnipotent, let me tell you `tabernacle' has only one l."
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Home is the place where, when you have to go there,
they have to take you in.
		-- Robert Frost, "The Death of the Hired Man"


You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
		-- Smile, "Was (Not Was)"


TRANSPARENT:
	Being or pertaining to an existing, nontangible object.
	"It's there, but you can't see it"
		-- IBM System/360 announcement, 1964

VIRTUAL:
	Being or pertaining to a tangible, nonexistent object.
	"I can see it, but it's not there."
		-- Lady Macbeth


XVI:
	In the year 2054, the entire defense budget will purchase just one
	aircraft.  This aircraft will have to be shared by the Air Force and
	Navy 3-1/2 days each per week except for leap year, when it will be
	made available to the Marines for the extra day.
XVII:
	Software is like entropy.  It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing,
	and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics, i.e., it always increases.
XVIII:
	It is very expensive to achieve high unreliability.  It is not uncommon
	to increase the cost of an item by a factor of ten for each factor of
	ten degradation accomplished.
XIX:
	Although most products will soon be too costly to purchase, there will
	be a thriving market in the sale of books on how to fix them.
XX:
	In any given year, Congress will appropriate the amount of funding
	approved the prior year plus three-fourths of whatever change the
	administration requests -- minus 4-percent tax.
		-- Norman Augustine


	The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball...
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years
old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.  You've got to let it
grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're
bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
		-- Babe Ruth, in his 1948 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium


We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.


If you want me to be a good little bunny
just dangle some carats in front of my nose.
		-- Lauren Bacall


I call it the "Madman Theory".  I want the North Vietnamese to believe that
I've reached the point where I might do *anything* to stop the war.  We'll
just slip the word to them that "For God's sake, you know, Nixon is obsessed
about Communism.  We can't restrain him when he's angry -- and he has his
hand on the nuclear button."
		-- Richard M. Nixon


You can fool some of the people some of the time,
and some of the people all of the time, and that is sufficient.


Just yesterday morning, they let me know you were gone,
Suzanne, the plans they made put an end to you,
I went out this morning and I wrote down this song,
Just can't remember who to send it to...

Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain,
I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end,
I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend,
But I always thought that I'd see you again.
Thought I'd see you one more time again.
		-- James Taylor, "Fire and Rain"


Once upon a time there was a farmer who had borrowed a bull to service his
two cows.  He put all three animals on a meadow and sent little Johnny to
observe and report any success.  A short time later, little Johnny came
running towards the house shouting: "Daddy, Daddy, the bull just fucked the
white cow!"
	The father took little Johnny aside and said: "Look, kid, it's
alright if you use that kind of language around me, but the reverend is
going to be visiting soon.  So next time, please use another word; just
say that the bull "surprised" the cow."
	Johnny agreed and went back to observe any progress.  A little
while later, while the preacher was talking to the farmer, little Johnny
came a-running again, shouting: "Daddy, Daddy!"
	The father, trying to avoid embarrassing the preacher, said: "I
know, the bull surprised the brown cow."
	Little Johnny replied: "He sure did, he fucked the white one again!"


Well, I would -- if they realized that we -- again if -- if we led them
back to that stalemate only because our retaliatory power, our seconds,
or strike at them after our first strike, would be so destructive they
couldn't afford it, that would hold them off.
		-- President Ronald Reagan, on the MX missile


If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
		-- Question James Thurber used to drive his German Shepherd
		   crazy.


Agree with them now, it will save so much time.


Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
		-- e. e. cummings


IOT trap -- mos dumped


If God had wanted you to go around nude,
He would have given you bigger hands.


To criticize the incompetent is easy;
it is more difficult to criticize the competent.


Real fur: the ultimate sadist symbol.


California is proud to be the home of the freeway.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T. K.


Lemma:  All horses are the same color.
Proof (by induction):
	Case n = 1: In a set with only one horse, it is obvious that all
	horses in that set are the same color.
	Case n = k: Suppose you have a set of k+1 horses.  Pull one of these
	horses out of the set, so that you have k horses.  Suppose that all
	of these horses are the same color.  Now put back the horse that you
	took out, and pull out a different one.  Suppose that all of the k
	horses now in the set are the same color.  Then the set of k+1 horses
	are all the same color.  We have k true => k+1 true; therefore all
	horses are the same color.
Theorem: All horses have an infinite number of legs.
Proof (by intimidation):
	Everyone would agree that all horses have an even number of legs.  It
	is also well-known that horses have forelegs in front and two legs in
	back.  4 + 2 = 6 legs, which is certainly an odd number of legs for a
	horse to have!  Now the only number that is both even and odd is
	infinity; therefore all horses have an infinite number of legs.
	However, suppose that there is a horse somewhere that does not have an
	infinite number of legs.  Well, that would be a horse of a different
	color; and by the Lemma, it doesn't exist.


It looks like it's up to me to save our skins.
Get into that garbage chute, flyboy!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


Whether weary or unweary, O man, do not rest,
Do not cease your single-handed struggle.
Go on, do not rest.
		-- An old Gujarati hymn


Man belongs wherever he wants to go.
		-- Wernher von Braun


If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
		-- Norm Schryer


Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right
to use the editorial "we".


Walking on water wasn't built in a day.
		-- Jack Kerouac


Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream,
I wonder how the old folks are tonight,
Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face,
She left me not knowing what to do.

Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you,
Carefree Highway, you seen better days,
The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes,
Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you...

Turning back the pages to the times I love best,
I wonder if she'll ever do the same,
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied,
With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame...

Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep,
I wonder if the years have closed her mind,
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free,
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "Carefree Highway"


Wesley:	I have in fact faced two vampires myself.  Under controlled
	circumstances of course.
Giles:	No danger of finding those here.
Wesley:	Vampires?
Giles:	Controlled circumstances.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Bad Girls"
		   Season 3, Episode 14


Chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire.


This screen intentionally left blank.


No house should ever be on any hill or on anything.
It should be of the hill, belonging to it.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


	Approaching the gates of the monastery, Hakuin found Ken the Zen
preaching to a group of disciples.
	"Words..." Ken orated, "they are but an illusory veil obfuscating
the absolute reality of --"
	"Ken!" Hakuin interrupted. "Your fly is down!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon Ken, and he
vaporized.
	On the way to town, Hakuin was greeted by an itinerant monk imbued
with the spirit of the morning.
	"Ah," the monk sighed, a beatific smile wrinkling across his cheeks,
"Thou art That..."
	"Ah," Hakuin replied, pointing excitedly, "And Thou art Fat!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the monk,
and he vaporized.
	Next, the Governor sought the advice of Hakuin, crying: "As our
enemies bear down upon us, how shall I, with such heartless and callow
soldiers as I am heir to, hope to withstand the impending onslaught?"
	"US?" snapped Hakuin.
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the
Governor, and he vaporized.
	Then, a redneck went up to Hakuin and vaporized the old Master with
his shotgun.  "Ha! Beat ya' to the punchline, ya' scrawny li'l geek!"


Millions of sensible people are too high-minded to concede that politics is
almost always the choice of the lesser evil.  "Tweedledum and Tweedledee,"
they say.  "I will not vote."  Having abstained, they are presented with a
President who appoints the people who are going to rummage around in their
lives for the next four years.  Consider all the people who sat home in a
stew in 1968 rather than vote for Hubert Humphrey.  They showed Humphrey.
Those people who taught Hubert Humphrey a lesson will still be enjoying the
Nixon Supreme Court when Tricia and Julie begin to find silver threads among
the gold and the black.
		-- Russel Baker, "Ford without Flummery"


