So many men and so little time.


There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers,
having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that,
whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of
gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and
most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
		-- Darwin


Heard that the next Space Shuttle is supposed to carry several
Guernsey cows?  It's gonna be the herd shot 'round the world.


Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.


Scott's second Law:
	When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found
to have been wrong in the first place.

Corollary:
	After the correction has been found in error, it will be
impossible to fit the original quantity back into the equation.


The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says
it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
		-- E. Hubbard


Hard work may not kill you, but why take the chance?


Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.


	Well, there was this tiger, who woke up one morning, and just
felt great (yes, just like Tony the Tiger: GREAAAAAAT).  Anyway,
he just felt so good, he went out and cornered a small monkey and
roared at him: "WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE ANIMALS?"
	And this poor quaking little monkey replied: "You are of
course, no one is mightier than you."
	A little while later this tiger confronts a deer, and just
bellows out: "WHO IS THE GREATEST AND STRONGEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE
ANIMALS?"
	The deer is shaking so hard it can barely speak, but manages
to stammer: "Oh great tiger, you are by far the mightiest animal in the
jungle."
	The tiger, being on a roll, swaggered, up to an elephant that
was quietly munching on some weeds, and roared at the top of his voice:
"WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE ANIMALS IN THE JUNGLE?"  Well, this
elephant grabs the tiger with his trunk, picks him up, slams him down;
picks him up again, and shakes him until the tiger is just a blur of
orange and black; and finally throws him violently into a nearby tree.
The tiger staggers to his feet and looks at the elephant and says:
"Man, just because you don't know the answer, you don't have to get so
pissed."


If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton


We gotta get out of this place,
If it's the last thing we ever do.
		-- The Animals


Hackers do it with all sorts of characters.


We have met the enemy, and he is us.
		-- Walt Kelly


Pessimist, n.:
	A man who spends all his time worrying about how he can keep the
	wolf from the door.

Optimist, n.:
	A man who refuses to see the wolf until he seizes the seat of
	his pants.

Opportunist, n.:
	A man who invites the wolf in and appears the next day in a fur coat.


Bore, n.:
	A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You can bring men from other parts of the world who are sane.  And you
know what happens?  At the very moment they cross those mountains...
they go mad.  Instantaneously and automatically, at the very moment
they cross the mountains into California, they go insane.
		-- Quentin Genter


Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.


I go the way that Providence dictates.
		-- Adolf Hitler


I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.


What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.


Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear -- kept us in
a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor -- with the cry of grave
national emergency... Always there has been some terrible evil to
gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it  by furnishing the
exorbitant sums demanded.  Yet, in retrospect, these disasters seem
never to have happened, seem never to have been quite real.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur (1957)


You say potatoe,
And I say potato.
You say tomatoe,
And I say tomato.
Potatoe, potato,
Tomatoe, tomato.
Let's go be the Vice President...


The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one
wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering
if something could have materialized -- and never knowing.
		-- David Viscott


History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles,
cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
		-- Leo Tolstoy


When Marriage is Outlawed,
Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.


A possum must be himself, and being himself he is honest.
		-- Walt Kelly


My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right
thing to say.  And then say it with the utmost levity.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.


You can't get there from here.


There are some things we mustn't expose,
So we hide them away in our clothes.
	Oh, it's shocking to stare
	At what's certainly there--
But why this is so, heaven knows.


Whatever you do will be insignificant,
but it is very important that you do it.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.


			Pittsburgh driver's test
8: Pedestrians are
	a) irrelevant.
	b) communists.
	c) a nuisance.
	d) difficult to clean off the front grille.
The correct answer is a.  Pedestrians are not in cars, so they
are totally irrelevant to driving, and you should ignore them
completely.


It is only the great men who are truly obscene.  If they had not dared
to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
		-- Havelock Ellis


You will lose an important tape file.


Don't get the idea that I'm one of those goddamn radicals.  Don't get the
idea that I'm knocking the American system.
		-- Al Capone


You can cage a swallow, can't you,
	but you can't swallow a cage, can you?
Girl, bathing on Bikini, eyeing boy,
	finds boy eyeing bikini on bathing girl.
A man, a plan, a canal -- Panama!
		-- The Palindromist


When you overesteem great hackers,
more users become cretins.
When you develop encryption,
more users become crackers.

The Guru leads
by emptying user's minds
and increasing their quotas,
by weakening their ambition
and toughening their resolve.
When users lack knowledge and desire,
management will not try to interfere.

Practice not-looping,
and everything will fall into place.


The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course it is
none of my business, but --" is to place a period after the word "but."
Don't use excessive force in supplying such a moron with a period.
Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you
talked about.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


If a shameless woman expects to be defiled and then dies of her fierce
love because you do not consent, will chastity also be homicide?
		-- Saint Augustine


Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


You can fool all the people all of the time if the advertising is right
and the budget is big enough.
		-- Joseph E. Levine


The clothes have no emperor.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare, commenting on ADA


If the ends don't justify the means, then what does?
		-- Robert Moses


The difference between this school and a cactus plant is that the
cactus has the pricks on the outside.


When the naive young lady asked the clerk in Le Sex Shoppe to show her his
selection of vibrators, he brought out the two most popular ones.
	"The basic white plastic one here is twenty dollars," the clerk said.
"The flesh-toned rubber models are thirty."
	"I'm just not sure," the woman said, then she noticed an eye-catching
item on the back shelf.  "How much is that plaid one over there?"
	"Uh, well, that's a pretty special one," said the clerk.  "I couldn't
sell you that one for less than a hundred."
	"I'll take it."
	Later that day, the store owner checked in to see how business was
going.  "Great," the clerk told him.  "This morning, I sold four white
vibrators and three flesh-toned ones.  And, this afternoon, I got a hundred
bucks for my Thermos."


Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics.
		-- French Proverb


The rich man uses Vaseline,
	The poor man uses lard;
The worker uses axle grease
	But gets it twice as hard.


Automobile, n.:
	A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down
	pedestrians.


It takes little strain and no art
To bang out an echoing fart.
	The reaction is hearty
	When you fart at a party,
But the sensitive persons depart.


	The way my jeweler explained it, it's like insurance.
	Six months' pay isn't much to keep my wife from sleeping around.

A diamond -- pure, sparkling, natural, flawless, forever.  The way marriage
should be but never quite is.  People grow and change and sometimes want to
take their clothes off with strangers.  So when you invest in a fine piece
of diamond jewelry, you're not only making an investment, you're making a
statement.  You're telling the woman you love that you've just spent a lot
of your hard-earned money on her.  Now she owes you the kind of loyalty that
only precious jewelry can buy.  Isn't she worth it?

	The Honeymoon's Over:			from $ 5000
	The Seven Year Itch:			from $10000
	No More Lunchtime Quickies:		from $15000
	Divorce Would Be More Expensive:	from $42000

			A diamond is for leverage.  BeDears


No skis take rocks like rental skis!


The less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off
during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


I'll grant thee random access to my heart,
Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love;
And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove
And in our bound partition never part.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Gay shlafen: Yiddish for "go to sleep".

	Now doesn't "gay shlafen" have a softer, more soothing sound
than the harsh, staccato "go to sleep"?  Listen to the difference:
	"Go to sleep, you little wretch!" ... "Gay shlafen, darling."
Obvious, isn't it?
	Clearly the best thing you can do for you children is to start
speaking Yiddish right now and never speak another word of English as
long as you live.  This will, of course, entail teaching Yiddish to all
your friends, business associates, the people at the supermarket, and
so on, but that's just the point.  It has to start with committed
individuals and then grow ...
	Some minor adjustments will have to be made, of course: those
signs written in what look like Yiddish letters won't be funny when
everything is written in Yiddish.  And we'll have to start driving on
the left side of the road so we won't be reading the street signs
backwards.  But is that too high a price to pay for world peace?  I
think not, my friend, I think not.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


He was so ugly hookers used to tell him, "Not on the first date."


Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


HONOR:
	Almost as good as in 'er.


The older I grow, the more I distrust the
familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Hear about...
	the sultan who had ten wives, nine of them had it soft.


	"Jean, what is this attraction between Catholic girls and
Jewish men?"
	"You really want to know?"
	"Yeah."
	"Well, Carol, Jewish men are great in bed... right, Bob?  And
Catholic girls fuck like bunnies."


It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary
depends upon his not understanding it.
		-- Upton Sinclair


To say you got a vote of confidence
would be to say you needed a vote of confidence.
		-- Andrew Young


The Official MBA Handbook on the use of sunlamps:

	Use a sunlamp only on weekends.  That way, if the office wise guy
	remarks on the sudden appearance of your tan, you can fabricate
	some story about a sun-stroked weekend at some island Shangri-La
	like Caneel Bay.  Nothing is more transparent than leaving the
	office at 11:45 on a Tuesday night, only to return an Aztec sun
	god at 8:15 the next morning.


No two persons ever read the same book.
		-- Edmund Wilson


Texas is Hell on woman and horses.
		-- Wayne Oakes


I don't even butter my bread.  I consider that cooking.
		-- Katherine Cebrian


Exceptions prove the rule, and wreck the budget.
		-- Miller


Premature ejaculator, n.:
	Troubled shooter.


Falling in love is a lot like dying.
You never get to do it enough to become good at it.


Power and ignorance is a detestable cocktail.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.


History is on our side (as long as we can control the historians).


Man's unique agony as a species consists in his perpetual
conflict between the desire to stand out and the need to blend in.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Eat the rich, the poor are tough and stringy.


Abbott's Admonitions:
	1: If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know.
	2: If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked
		the question.
		-- Charles Abbot, dean, University of Virginia


Secrets to a happy marriage
	1. It is important to find a woman that cooks and cleans.
	2. It is important to find a woman that makes good money.
	3. It is important to find a woman that likes to have sex.
	4. It is important that these three women never meet your wife.


I don't think they are going to give a shit about the Republican
Committee trying to bug the Democratic Committee's headquarters.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, 1972


	If the tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler
is great, then the application is great.  If the application is great, then
the user is pleased and there is harmony in the world.
	The tao gave birth to machine language.  Machine language gave birth
to the assembler.
	The assembler gave birth to the compiler.  Now there are ten thousand
languages.
	Each language has its purpose, however humble.  Each language
expresses the yin and yang of software.  Each language has its place within
the tao.
	But do not program in Cobol or Fortran if you can help it.


One Bell System - it works.


Politicians do it to everyone.


It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he
holds back one who is hastening.  Rather one should befriend the guest who
is there, but speed him when he wishes.
		-- Homer, "The Odyssey"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to scheduling.]


Always talk to your wife while you're
making love... if there's a phone handy.


The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is
that the car salesman knows he's lying.


Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
		-- Don Reed


A political man can have as his aim the realization of freedom,
but he has no means to realize it other than through violence.
		-- Jean-Paul Sartre


There was a little girl
Who had a little curl
Right in the middle of her forehead.
When she was good, she was very, very good
And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
		-- Max Miller, "The Max Miller Blue Book"


This place just isn't big enough for all of us.  We've
got to find a way off this planet.


If I had my life to live over, I'd try to make more mistakes next time.  I
would relax, I would limber up, I would be sillier than I have been this
trip.  I know of very few things I would take seriously.  I would be crazier.
I would climb more mountains, swim more rivers and watch more sunsets.  I'd
travel and see.  I would have more actual troubles and fewer imaginary ones.
You see, I am one of those people who lives prophylactically and sensibly
and sanely, hour after hour, day after day.  Oh, I have had my moments and,
if I had it to do over again, I'd have more of them.  In fact, I'd try to
have nothing else.  Just moments, one after another, instead of living so many
years ahead each day.  I have been one of those people who never go anywhere
without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a gargle, a raincoat and a parachute.
If I had it to do over again, I would go places and do things and travel
lighter than I have.  If I had my life to live over, I would start bare-footed
earlier in the spring and stay that way later in the fall.  I would play hooky
more.  I probably wouldn't make such good grades, but I'd learn more.  I would
ride on more merry-go-rounds.  I'd pick more daisies.


Mistress, n.:
	Something between a mister and a mattress.


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #14
What to do...
    if reality disappears?
	Hope this one doesn't happen to you.  There isn't much that you
	can do about it.  It will probably be quite unpleasant.

    if you meet an older version of yourself who has invented a time
    traveling machine, and has come from the future to meet you?
	Play this one by the book.  Ask about the stock market and cash in.
	Don't forget to invent a time traveling machine and visit your
	younger self before you die, or you will create a paradox.  If you
	expect this to be tricky, make sure to ask for the principles
	behind time travel, and possibly schematics.  Never, NEVER, ask
	when you'll die, or if you'll marry your current SO.


Woman on Street:	Sir, you are drunk; very, very drunk.
Winston Churchill:	Madame, you are ugly; very, very ugly.
			I shall be sober in the morning.


It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.


CChheecckk  yyoouurr  dduupplleexx  sswwiittcchh..


STRATEGY:
	A comprehensive plan of inaction.


When I was seven years old, I was once reprimanded by my mother for an act
of collective brutality in which I had been involved at school.  A group of
seven-year-olds had been teasing and tormenting a six-year-old.  "It is
always so," my mother said.  "You do things together which not one of you
would think of doing alone."  ...  Wherever one looks in the world of human
organization, collective responsibility brings a lowering of moral standards.
The military establishment is an extreme case, an organization which seems
to have been expressly designed to make it possible for people to do things
together which nobody in his right mind would do alone.
		-- Freeman Dyson, "Weapons and Hope"


If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some
memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it,
even if they don't know what it means.
		-- Walt Kelly, "The Pogo Party"


It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.


Sex and drugs and UNIX.


Many nice things suck.


The price of greatness is responsibility.


	One evening he spoke.  Sitting at her feet, his face raised to her,
he allowed his soul to be heard.  "My darling, anything you wish, anything
I am, anything I can ever be...  That's what I want to offer you -- not the
things I'll get for you, but the thing in me that will make me able to get
them.  That thing -- a man can't renounce it -- but I want to renounce it --
so that it will be yours -- so that it will be in your service -- only for
you."
	The girl smiled and asked: "Do you think I'm prettier than Maggie
Kelly?"
	He got up.  He said nothing and walked out of the house.  He never
saw that girl again.  Gail Wynand, who prided himself on never needing a
lesson twice, did not fall in love again in the years that followed.
		-- Ayn Rand, "The Fountainhead"


Hear about...
	the poor Greek fisherman who got his upper torso wedged into
	a porthole and couldn't get out to save his ass?


Nothing can be done in one trip.
		-- Snider


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to
	be maintained."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


The kings of Peru were the Incas,
Who were known far and wide as great drincas.
	They worshiped the sun
	And had lots of fun,
But the peasants all thought they were stincas.


Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.


QOTD:
	"It's not the despair... I can stand the despair.  It's the hope."


To one large turkey add one gallon of vermouth and a demijohn of Angostura
bitters.  Shake.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, recipe for turkey cocktail


Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.


Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel
a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Theory of Selective Supervision:
	The one time in the day that you lean back and relax is
	the one time the boss walks through the office.


When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look
like a nail.


You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.


Never trust anyone who says money is no object.


A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty
and a boy for ever.
		-- Helen Rowland


When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
		-- James H. Boren


A lady with one of her ears applied
To an open keyhole heard, inside,
Two female gossips in converse free --
The subject engaging them was she.
"I think", said one, "and my husband thinks
That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!"
As soon as no more of it she could hear
The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
"I will not stay," she said with a pout,
"To hear my character lied about!"
		-- Gopete Sherany


One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least
somebody's listening.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


It's better to be wanted for murder than not to be wanted at all.
		-- Marty Winch


Power is the finest token of affection.


America has been discovered before, but it has always been hushed up.
		-- Oscar Wilde


It is convenient that there be gods, and,
as it is convenient, let us believe there are.
		-- Publius Ovidius Naso (Ovid)


I am a deeply superficial person.
		-- Andy Warhol


Hailing frequencies open, Captain.


What we Are is God's give to us.
What we Become is our gift to God.


Now of my threescore years and ten,
Twenty will not come again,
And take from seventy springs a score,
It leaves me only fifty more.

And since to look at things in bloom
Fifty springs are little room,
About the woodlands I will go
To see the cherry hung with snow.
		-- A. E. Housman


A penny saved kills your career in government.


	A man was just settling down into his seat for a cross-country
flight when he noticed a beautiful woman sitting next to him, wearing a
large button with the letters "NAA" on it.
	"What's that?" he asked, pointing to her button.
	"Nymphomaniacs Association of America" she replied.
	After a moments thought he said, "Well, if you wouldn't mind my
asking, but I've always wanted to know, who are the best, ummm, `endowed'
men?"
	"Well, it's not what you think.  Native Americans.  They're better
hung than *anybody*."
	"And is it true that the French are the best lovers?"
	"No, Jewish men.  Once you finally get them going they can last
all night.  By the way, my name is Sue.  What's yours?"
	"Running Bear Sheldon."


An attachment a la Plato
for a bashful young potato
or a, not too French, french bean
must excite your languid spleen.
For, if you walk down Picadilly
with a poppy or lily
in your medieval hand,
every one will say,
as you walk your flowery way;
"If this young man is content,
with a vegetable love
which would certainly not content me.
Why, what a very pure young man
this pure young man must be!"
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "Patience"
		   [The subject of the humour is of course, Oscar Wilde]


Oxygen is a very toxic gas and an extreme fire hazard.  It is fatal in
concentrations of as little as 0.000001 p.p.m.  Humans exposed to the
oxygen concentrations die within a few minutes.  Symptoms resemble very
much those of cyanide poisoning (blue face, etc.).  In higher
concentrations, e.g. 20%, the toxic effect is somewhat delayed and it
takes about 2.5 billion inhalations before death takes place.  The reason
for the delay is the difference in the mechanism of the toxic effect of
oxygen in 20% concentration.  It apparently contributes to a complex
process called aging, of which very little is known, except that it is
always fatal.

However, the main disadvantage of the 20% oxygen concentration is in the
fact it is habit forming.  The first inhalation (occurring at birth) is
sufficient to make oxygen addiction permanent.  After that, any
considerable decrease in the daily oxygen doses results in death with
symptoms resembling those of cyanide poisoning.

Oxygen is an extreme fire hazard.  All of the fires that were reported in
the continental U.S. for the period of the past 25 years were found to be
due to the presence of this gas in the atmosphere surrounding the buildings
in question.

Oxygen is especially dangerous because it is odorless, colorless and
tasteless, so that its presence can not be readily detected until it is
too late.
		-- Chemical & Engineering News February 6, 1956


Once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.


