Ninety-Ninety Rule of Project Schedules:
	The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of
	the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent.


Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
		-- Jessie, "Greaser's Palace"


In Mexico we have a word for sushi: bait.
		-- Josi Simon


You must dine in our cafeteria.
You can eat dirt cheap there!!!!


Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.


Non-Determinism is not meant to be reasonable.
		-- M. J. 0'Donnell


... [concerning quotation marks] even if we *_d_i_d* quote anybody in this
business, it probably would be gibberish.
		-- Thom McLeod


Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
		-- Plato


Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.


QOTD:
	"I treat her like a thoroughbred, and she's STILL a nag!"


QOTD:
	"My penis is better than corn, because corn doesn't squeal when
	you stick those little prongs into it."
		-- Mark-Jason Dominus


Q:	What do you call a woman who can suck a golf ball through 50 feet
	of garden hose?
A:	Darling.
		[Often?  Ed.]


Demand the establishment of the government
in its rightful home at Disneyland.


You can't underestimate the power of fear.
		-- Tricia Nixon Cox


A man walks into the doctor's office and the doctor says to him, "I've got
some good news and some bad news."
	"Tell me the good news first" the patient replies.
	"The good news is that your penis is going to be about two inches
longer and about an inch wider," the doctor says.
	"That's great!" says his patient.  "What's the bad news?"
	"Malignant."


Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be
worse in Cleveland.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


You can get more of what you want with a kind word and a gun than you
can with just a kind word.
		-- Bumper Sticker


Progress is impossible without change, and those who
cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Come up and see me sometime.  Come Wednesday, that's amateur night.
		-- Mae West


I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #4.
Mia ^svebo^sipo estas plena je angiloj.	My hovercraft is full of eels.
Neniu anticipas la hispanan		No one expects the Spanish
	Inkvizicion.				Inquisition.
La solvo estas kvardekdu.		The answer is forty-two.
Adiau, kaj dankoj por ^ciom da fi^so.	So long, and thanks for all the fish.
^Cu estas krajono en via po^so, au ^cu	Is that a pencil in your pocket,
	vi feli^cas pri vidi min?		or are you happy to see me?


Math is to physics like masturbation is to sex.


Every morning, I get up and look through the "Forbes" list of the
richest people in America.  If I'm not there, I go to work.
		-- Robert Orben


If God wanted us to have a President,
He would have sent us a candidate.
		-- Jerry Dreshfield


In days of old, when knights were bold,
	And rubbers weren't invented,
They tied their socks around their cocks
	And babies were prevented.


The nipples of Sarah Sarong
When excited are twelve inches long
	This embarrassed her lover
	Who was pained to discover
She expected no less of his dong


Dear Mister Language Person: I am curious about the expression, "Part
of this complete breakfast".  The way it comes up is, my 5-year-old
will be watching TV cartoon shows in the morning, and they'll show a
commercial for a children's compressed breakfast compound such as
"Froot Loops" or "Lucky Charms", and they always show it sitting on a
table next to some actual food such as eggs, and the announcer always
says: "Part of this complete breakfast".  Don't that really mean,
"Adjacent to this complete breakfast", or "On the same table as this
complete breakfast"?  And couldn't they make essentially the same claim
if, instead of Froot Loops, they put a can of shaving cream there, or a
dead bat?

Answer: Yes.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"


If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.


You humans are all alike.


Recently deceased blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan "comes to" after
his death.  He sees Jimi Hendrix sitting next to him, tuning his guitar.
"Holy cow," he thinks to himself, "this guy is my idol."  Over at the
microphone, about to sing, are Jim Morrison and Janis Joplin, and the
bassist is the late Barry Oakley of the Allman Brothers.  So Stevie
Ray's thinking, "Oh, wow!  I've died and gone to rock and roll heaven."
Just then, Karen Carpenter walks in, sits down at the drums, and says:
"'Close to You'.  Hit it, boys!"
		-- Told by Penn Jillette, of magic/comedy duo Penn and Teller


If you didn't have most of your friends,
you wouldn't have most of your problems.


The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
		-- David Gerrold


	"Hello, Police Department."
	"This is Thomas Parrish, 903 Sylvester Court.  I've just been sexually
molested by a pervert, right here in my own home.  It was horrifying!"
	"Just remain calm, sir, and tell me about it."
	"Well, the man came in the window wearing a ski mask.  I was napping
on the bed, in just my pajamas, and the TV set was on so I didn't hear anything.
Suddenly he had his great big old calloused hand over my mouth, holding me down.
I tried to scream... he was pulling my pants off.  I was so frightened!  He
held a knife to my throat and undressed so quickly.  What could I do?  I
couldn't stop him.  He was huge.  A great, hairy, beefy man, more than fifty
pounds heavier than I am, and hung like... Oh! it was terrible.  He had an
erection, and he knelt on my shoulders and forced the awful thing down my
throat; forced me to suck it.  Yes, officer!  There was no escaping this man.
Finally, when I thought I would faint, he got off me and turned me over on
my tummy, forcing my legs apart with his knees, and oh! I'm so embarrassed to
say it, he put that huge thing...  It must have been a foot long, and I don't
know how thick... into my...  Just a minute."
	"What's the matter, mister?"
	"Listen, I have to hang up now, he's getting out of the shower."


A consultant is a person who borrows your watch, tells you what time it
is, pockets the watch, and sends you a bill for it.


The hacker as a mate/lover and the signs of trouble:

-- The morning after note reads:
	Whiting, Barbara:
	I enjoyed last night.  We really interfaced.  You looked so cute
	I wanted to byte your ear.
-- He believes Steve Wozniak offered the Apple to Adam.
-- The people he tries to emulate are five years his junior.
-- The last straw:
	Once again, your date has lost all track of time debugging a new
	program and shows up an hour late.

	You Don't...:
		Make nasty asides regarding his 5-1/4 inch floppy.
	You Do...:
		Remind him that "going down" doesn't necessarily
		indicate a malfunction.


Your lucky color has faded.


There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.


Drink Canada Dry!  You might not succeed, but it *_i_s* fun trying.


Jones' First Law:
	Anyone who makes a significant contribution to any field of
	endeavor, and stays in that field long enough, becomes an
	obstruction to its progress -- in direct proportion to the
	importance of their original contribution.


Hoaars-Faisse Gallery presents:
An exhibit of works by the artist known only as Pretzel.

The exhibit includes several large conceptual works using non-traditional
media and found objects including old sofa-beds, used mace canisters,
discarded sanitary napkins and parts of freeways.  The artist explores
our dehumanization due to high technology and unresponsive governmental
structures in a post-industrial world.  She/he (the artist prefers to
remain without gender) strives to create dialogue between viewer and
creator, to aid us in our quest to experience contemporary life with its
inner-city tensions, homelessness, global warming and gender and
class-based stress.  The works are arranged to lead us to the essence of
the argument: that the alienation of the person/machine boundary has
sapped the strength of our voices and must be destroyed for society to
exist in a more fundamental sense.


What they said:
	What they meant:

"I recommend this candidate with no qualifications whatsoever."
	(Yes, that about sums it up.)
"The amount of mathematics she knows will surprise you."
	(And I recommend not giving that school a dime...)
"I simply can't say enough good things about him."
	(What a screw-up.)
"I am pleased to say that this candidate is a former colleague of mine."
	(I can't tell you how happy I am that she left our firm.)
"When this person left our employ, we were quite hopeful he would go
a long way with his skills."
	(We hoped he'd go as far as possible.)
"You won't find many people like her."
	(In fact, most people can't stand being around her.)
"I cannot recommend him too highly."
	(However, to the best of my knowledge, he has never committed a
	 felony in my presence.)


The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the
rationalizations of the victors.  History is written by the survivors.
		-- Max Lerner


LASER:
	Failed death ray.


I can relate to that.


	Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas.  Five years later?
Six?  It seems like a lifetime, or at least a Main Era -- the kind of peak that
never comes again.  San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time
and place to be a part of.  Maybe it meant something.  Maybe not, in the long
run...  There was madness in any direction, at any hour.  If not across the
Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda...  You could
strike sparks anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we
were doing was right, that we were winning...
	And that, I think, was the handle -- that sense of inevitable victory
over the forces of Old and Evil.  Not in any mean or military sense; we didn't
need that. Our energy would simply prevail.  There was no point in fighting
-- on our side or theirs.  We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest
of a high and beautiful wave.  So now, less than five years later, you can go
up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes
you can almost see the high-water mark -- that place where the wave finally
broke and rolled back.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


The reason we come up with new versions is not to fix bugs.  It's
absolutely not.
		-- Bill Gates


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Let the programmer be many and the managers few -- then all will
	be productive."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


That's odd.  That's very odd.
Wouldn't you say that's very odd?


Q:	How do you tell if an elephant has been making love in your
	backyard?
A:	If all your trashcan liners are missing ...


War is peace.  Freedom is slavery.  Ketchup is a vegetable.


Caution: Keep out of reach of children.


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to floss my cat.
	-- I've dedicated my life to linguini.
	-- I need to spend more time with my blender.
	-- It wouldn't be fair to the other Beautiful People.
	-- It's my night to pet the dog/ferret/goldfish/radio.
	-- I'm going downtown to try on some gloves.
	-- I have to check the freshness dates on my dairy products.
	-- I'm due at the bakery to watch the buns rise.
	-- I have an appointment with a cuticle specialist.
	-- I have some really hard words to look up.


Producers seem to be so prejudiced against actors who've had no training.
And there's no reason for it.  So what if I didn't attend the Royal Academy
for twelve years?  I'm still a professional trying to be the best actress
I can.  Why doesn't anyone send me the scripts that Faye Dunaway gets?
		-- Farrah Fawcett-Majors


Radicalism:
	The conservatism of tomorrow injected into the affairs of today.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.


Above all else - sky.


Fortune's current rates:

	Answers				.10
	Long answers			.25
	Answers requiring thought	.50
	Correct answers			$1.00

	Dumb looks are still free.


	"I'll tell you what I know, then," he decided.  "The pin I'm wearing
means I'm a member of the IA.  That's Inamorati Anonymous.  An inamorato is
somebody in love.  That's the worst addiction of all."
	"Somebody is about to fall in love," Oedipa said, "you go sit with
them, or something?"
	"Right.  The whole idea is to get where you don't need it.  I was
lucky.  I kicked it young.  But there are sixty-year-old men, believe it or
not, and women even older, who might wake up in the night screaming."
	"You hold meetings, then, like the AA?"
	"No, of course not.  You get a phone number, an answering service
you can call.  Nobody knows anybody else's name; just the number in case
it gets so bad you can't handle it alone.  We're isolates, Arnold.  Meetings
would destroy the whole point of it."
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "The Crying of Lot 49"


One man's folly is another man's wife.
		-- Helen Rowland


Do unto others before they undo you.


By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


The REVERSE function works on the opposite SEXPR.


Hear that...
	bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
	Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years?


The problems of business administration in general, and database management in
particular are much too difficult for people that think in IBMese, compounded
with sloppy English.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


The weed of crime bears bitter fruit.


Hate is like acid.  It can damage the vessel in which it is
stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.


QOTD:
	"When she hauled ass, it took three trips."


Give all orders verbally.  Never write anything down
that might go into a "Pearl Harbor File".


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you
want to test a man's character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.


What publishers are looking for these days isn't radical feminism.
It's corporate feminism -- a brand of feminism designed to sell books
and magazines, three-piece suits, airline tickets, Scotch, cigarettes
and, most important, corporate America's message, which runs:  Yes,
women were discriminated against in the past, but that unfortunate
mistake has been remedied; now every woman can attain wealth, prestige
and power by dint of individual rather than collective effort.
		-- Susan Gordon


When things go wrong as they usually will,
And your daily road seems all uphill,
When funds are low and debts are high,
When you try to smile, but can only cry --
And you really feel you'd like to quit,
Don't talk to me; I don't give a shit.


One of the first things school children in Texas learn is how to
compose a simple declarative sentence without the word "shit" in it.


Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
		-- Steven Wright


If you love something set it free.  If it doesn't
come back to you, hunt it down and kill it.


A diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell
in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.
		-- Caskie Stinnett, "Out of the Red"


If you put it off long enough, it might go away.


A young lady friend of mine just swallowed a razor blade...
She performed a tonsillectomy, an appendectomy, a hysterectomy,
three circumcisions, and cut off the finger of a casual friend.


=============== ALL FRESHMEN PLEASE NOTE ===============

To minimize scheduling confusion, please realize that if you are taking one
course which is offered at only one time on a given day, and another which is
offered at all times on that day, the second class will be arranged as to
afford maximum inconvenience to the student.  For example, if you happen
to work on campus, you will have 1-2 hours between classes.  If you commute,
there will be a minimum of 6 hours between the two classes.


A gorgeous young sophomore is having an affair with her English
professor.  She goes home to visit her family for Christmas vacation
and when she gets back, she immediately invites him over for the
night.  As soon as he walks through the door she hugs him and
asks, "Were you blue while I was away?"
	"Blown, my dear," the professor corrects her, "blown."


I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert!


Narcolepulacyi, n.:
	The contagious action of yawning, causing everyone in sight
	to also yawn.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


A man arrived home early to find his wife in the arms of his best friend,
who swore how much they were in love.  To quiet the enraged husband, the
lover suggested, "Friends shouldn't fight, let's play gin rummy.  If I win,
you get a divorce so I can marry her.  If you win, I promise never to see
her again.  Okay?"
	"Alright," agreed the husband.  "But how about a quarter a point
on the side to make it interesting?"


Beachhead, n.:
	In marketing: A small piece of a market over which you gain
	control and from which you go out to control other pieces of
	the market.

	In war: Where soldiers die.


There is not a man in the country that can't make a living for himself and
family.  But he can't make a living for them *and* his government, too,
the way his government is living.  What the government has got to do is
live as cheap as the people.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


Now's the time to have some big ideas
Now's the time to make some firm decisions
We saw the Buddha in a bar down south
Talking politics and nuclear fission
We see him and he's all washed up --
Moving on into the body of a beetle
Getting ready for a long long crawl
He ain't nothing -- he ain't nothing at all...

Death and Money make their point once more
In the shape of Philosophical assassins
Mark and Danny take the bus uptown
Deadly angels for reality and passion
Have the courage of the here and now
Don't taking nothing from the half-baked buddhas
When you think you got it paid in full
You got nothing -- you got nothing at all...
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	We know his name and he mustn't get away.
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	It would take one shot -- to blow him away...
		-- Shriekback, "Gunning for the Buddha"


The National Association of Theater Concessionaires reported that in
1986, 60% of all candy sold in movie theaters was sold to Roger Ebert.
		-- David Letterman


Seems this guy notices a young nun sitting on the bus; through her heavy veil
he just spots a glimmer of her face.  Gorgeous!  She moves, and her vestments
cannot hide the fact she has a truly phenomenal body.  The guy gets more and
more excited until he finally approaches the nun and tells "Sister, please
believe me, I don't normally do this sort of thing, but I think I love you.
Could we maybe talk?"
	The nun almost runs off the bus.  As the young man's stop comes up,
the bus driver asks the guy if he was the person bothering the nun.  The man
starts apologizing, but the bus driver interrupts him.  "No, don't apologize,
I was checking her out myself.  Listen, you see where she got on?  She goes
there every day, to a little park.  Why don't you meet here there?"
	Sure enough, the man goes to the park the next day and there's the nun
in a secluded grove of trees.  He approaches her, and she seems, although shy,
much more willing to talk.  After an hour of cautious talk, he asks her if
she'd be willing to make love with him.  She blushes, smiles, blushes again
and says "yes".  But that she doesn't dare risk getting pregnant, so it would
have to be the "back door".
	As they start to make love, the young man is overcome with guilt;
panting, he says, "Sister, I have to tell you, I'm the guy who was annoying
you on the bus yesterday.
	Replies the nun, "Well, that's okay.  I'm not really a nun.  I'm
actually the bus driver."


Only God can make random selections.


A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.


New book out from Gary Hart; "Six Inches from the White House".


I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better
take one along that worked.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Pause for storage relocation.


She's the kind of girl who climbed the ladder of success wrong by wrong.
		-- Mae West


Johnny Carson's Definition:
	The smallest interval of time known to man is that which occurs
	in Manhattan between the traffic signal turning green and the
	taxi driver behind you blowing his horn.


TAURUS (Apr.20 - May 20)
	Take advantage of this opportunity to get a little extra sleep,
	because you're going to miss the bus again today anyway.  You will
	decide to lose weight today, just like yesterday.


You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car.
		-- Cyrus, Chicago Reader 1/22/82


Look!  Before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past.


Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
		-- Euripides


I choked Linda Lovelace.


What's the ugliest part of your body?
What's the ugliest part of your body?
Some say your nose,
Some say your toes,
But I think it's your mind.
		-- Frank Zappa, 1965


If men acted after marriage as they do during courtship, there would
be fewer divorces -- and more bankruptcies.
		-- Frances Rodman


An expert is one who knows more and more about less
and less until he knows absolutely nothing about everything.


Shedenhelm's Law:
	All trails have more uphill sections
	than they have downhill sections.


I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


Being popular is important.  Otherwise people might not like you.


Men live for three things, fast cars, fast women and fast food.


A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of
being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of
incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague
assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents
and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of
dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of
annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was
unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
		-- IEEE Grid newsmagazine


Don't say "yes" until I finish talking.
		-- Darryl F. Zanuck


A man who carries a cat by its tail learns something he can learn
in no other way.


We drove to the hotel and said goodbye.  How hypocritical to go upstairs
with a man you don't want to fuck, leave the one you do sitting there alone,
and then, in a state of great excitement, fuck the one you don't want to
fuck while pretending he's the one you do.  That's called fidelity.  That's
called civilization and its discontents.
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"


Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half
as good.  Luckily this is not difficult.
		-- Charlotte Whitton


Women come and go, but BSD is forever.
		-- Derek Young


Stupidity is its own reward.


Disillusioned words like bullets bark,
As human gods aim for their mark,
Make everything from toy guns that spark
To flesh-colored christs that glow in the dark.
It's easy to see without looking too far
That not much is really sacred.


Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.


During the Reagan-Mondale debates:

Q:	"Do you feel that a person's age affects his ability to
		perform as president?"
Reagan:	"I refuse to make an issue out of my opponent's youth and
		inexperience."


One thought driven home is better than three left on base.


I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
		-- Nero Wolfe, "Over My Dead Body"


Share, n.:
	To give in, endure humiliation.


It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level
language named "research student".


People respond to people who respond.


Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.


	If I kiss you, that is a psychological interaction.
	On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick,
that is also a psychological interaction.
	The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not
so friendly.
	The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


Fond of equestrians, Mabel
Looked for true love in the stable.
	But she found the studs,
	For her were all duds,
Now she's out with the leg of a table.


	With deep concern, if not alarm, Dick noted that his friend
Conrad was drunker than he'd ever seen him before.  "What's the trouble,
buddy?", he asked, sliding onto the stool next to his friend.
	"It's a woman, Dick," Conrad replied.
	"I guessed that much.  Tell me about it."
	"I can't," Conrad said.  But after a few more drinks his tongue
and resolution both seemed to weaken and, turning to his buddy, he said,
"Okay. It's your wife."
	"My wife!!"
	"Yeah."
	"What about her?"
	Conrad pondered the question heavily, and draped his arm around
his pal.  "Well, buddy-boy," he said, "I'm afraid she's cheating on us."


Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.  According
to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing severe
marketing anxiety in China.

The words "Coca-Cola" translate into Chinese as either (depending on the
inflection) "wax-fattened mare" or "bite the wax tadpole".

Bite the wax tadpole.  There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?

The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard to get
a whole column out of it.  I'd like to teach the world to bite a wax
tadpole.  Coke -- it's the real wax-fattened mare.  Not bad, but broad
satiric vistas do not open up.
		-- John Carrol, San Francisco Chronicle


HOT TUB TIPS FOR WOMEN
	Vol. I -- Etiquette

1. It's not lady-like to straddle a water jet, moan in ecstasy, and then
	scream at the top of your lungs, "Oh, yes, YES, BABY!"
2. Washing your partner's back is sexy.  Washing your panty hose is not.
3. Nude bathing with strangers can be a pleasant experience; don't spoil
	it for everyone with a thoughtless remark, such as "My God, I've
	seen bigger wangs on hamsters!"
4. It's O.K. to pass a joint while tubbing.  Don't pass anything else.
5. Don't think you're fooling anybody by passing off your vibrator as a
	toy submarine.


Two sure ways to tell a REALLY sexy man; the first is, he has a bad memory.
I forget the second.


Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


Every single person down there is ignoring your pain because they're too
busy with their own.
		-- Buffy, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Earshot"
		   Season 3, Episode 18


Not every problem someone has with his girlfriend is necessarily due to
the capitalist mode of production.
		-- Herbert Marcuse


President Thieu says he'll quit if he doesn't get more than 50%
of the vote.  In a democracy, that's not called quitting.
		-- The Washington Post


Macho, adj.:
	Jogging home from a vasectomy.


Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.


The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a
remarkable Christian forbearance among men.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


May a deranged midget on a pogo stick
take refuge in your sister's hoop skirt.


I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
		-- Groucho Marx


God created a few perfect heads.
The rest he covered with hair.


Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.


	"Darling," she whispered, "will you still love me after we are
married?"
	He considered this for a moment and then replied, "I think so.
I've always been especially fond of married women."


Woman:      "Is Yoo-Hoo hyphenated?"
Yogi Berra: "No, ma'am, its not even carbonated."


	Out on the great American desert one day, a bald eagle reached a
state of great libidal distress.  Pickings were slim, but in time, he saw a
dove flying by.  "Better than nothin'", he muttered (birds in jokes can mutter)
and swooped down, grabbed the dove and flew to his nest.  Feathers flew, and
eventually the dove tottered to the edge of the cliff and shouted (yes, they
shout, too):
	"I'm a dove!  I've been loved!  And I LIKE it!"
	Well, this took care of the old boy for a while but soon enough he
was at it again.  All he could find was a lark, so away he went, and feathers
flew and soon the lark tottered to the edge of the cliff and shouted:
	"I'm a lark!  I've been sparked!  And I LIKE it!"
	As you can guess, some time later our friend was again in need of
amor... lib... you know!  This time, all that happened by was... a duck!
So down he swooped, and feathers flew, and the next thing seen is the duck
tottering to the cliffside and shouting:
	"I'M A DRAKE!  THERE'S BEEN A MISTAKE!  AND I DON'T LIKE IT!!!


Make it right before you make it faster.


	After watching an extremely attractive maternity-ward patient
earnestly thumbing her way through a telephone directory for several
minutes, a hospital orderly finally asked if he could be of some help.
	"No, thanks," smiled the young mother, "I'm just looking for a
name for my baby."
	"But the hospital supplies a special booklet that lists hundreds
of first names and their meanings," said the orderly.
	"That won't help," said the woman, "my baby already has a first
name."


MEMORIES OF MY FAMILY MEETINGS still are a source of strength to me.  I
remember we'd all get into the car -- I forget what kind it was -- and
drive and drive.

I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some bees there. The
smell of something was strong in the air as we played whatever sport we
played.  I remember a bigger, older guy whom we called "Dad."  We'd eat
some stuff or not and then I think we went home.

I guess some things never leave you.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


