No matter who you are, some scholar can show you
the great idea you had was had by someone before you.


I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose.  Now
when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and
farther, trying to see it clearly)...  and says, "Here, you can go."
		-- Steven Wright


Have a coke and a smile!
		-- John DeLorean


I've been in more laps than a napkin.
		-- Mae West


While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't
keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
		-- Edward Stevenson


	A man dies and is getting his tour of heaven.  His guide is pointing
out the various features and landmarks when the man asks, "What's that cliff?"
	"Oh, you don't want to look down there.  That's hell!"
	The man creeps up to the edge and looks over.  He sees lush, green
valleys, verdant farmland and trees everywhere.  "This doesn't look so bad,"
he says.
	Puzzled, the guide comes over and looks down.  "Damn!" he snaps,
"Those Mormons have been irrigating again!"


Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
		-- Groucho Marx


Yeah, if it looks like a duck, and walks like
a duck, and quacks like a duck -- shoot it.


Lizzie Borden took an axe,
And plunged it deep into the VAX;
Don't you envy people who
Do all the things _Y_O_U want to do?


Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot:
it's more like the land He's trying to ignore.


The Least Successful Police Dogs
	America has a very strong candidate in "La Dur", a fearsome looking
schnauzer hound, who was retired from the Orlando police force in Florida
in 1978.  He consistently refused to do anything which might ruffle or
offend the criminal classes.
	His handling officer, Rick Grim, had to admit: "He just won't go up
and bite them.  I got sick and tired of doing that dog's work for him."
	The British contenders in this category, however, took things a
stage further.  "Laddie" and "Boy" were trained as detector dogs for drug
raids.  Their employment was terminated following a raid in the Midlands in
1967.
	While the investigating officer questioned two suspects, they
patted and stroked the dogs who eventually fell asleep in front of the
fire.  When the officer moved to arrest the suspects, one dog growled at
him while the other leapt up and bit his thigh.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


A nuclear family is out golfing one day, when it becomes clear that Dad isn't
going to win any trophies, at least on this course.  On the 3rd hole, after
two miserable bogies, he misses a two foot putt and exclaims, "Shit!"
	His wife glances over at their sixteen year old daughter and says
nothing.
	On the fourth hole Dad tees off with an incredible hook, and, after
the inevitable exclamation, his wife reproves him with "Honey!"
	This continues on, with his golfing getting worse and his wife getting
more and more upset about his language.  Finally, on the 17th hole, he again
misses a very easy putt.  Flinging his club down, he curses the hole, the
club, and the sunset, using the word "fuck" for the first time.  His wife
whirls around and cries, "Honey!  Our daughter is standing right next to you!"
	Feeling remorseful, but somewhat defensive, he turns to the
daughter and says, "Well, Cindy, you've heard that word before, haven't
you?"
	"Yes," the daughter replies, "but never in anger."


Eleven reasons a cucumber is better than a man:
	(1)  Cucumbers can stay up all night, and you won't have to
	     sleep in the wet spot.
	(2)  Cucumbers don't play the guitar and try to find
	     themselves.
	(3)  You won't find out later that your cucumber (a) is
	     married, (b) is on penicillin, (c) likes you -- but loves
	     your brother!
	(4)  A cucumber won't care what time of the month it is.
	(5)  A cucumber never wants to get it on when your nails are
	     wet.
	(6)  Cucumbers don't say "Let's keep trying until we have a
	     boy".
	(7)  Cucumbers won't tell you size doesn't count.
	(8)  A cucumber won't leave you for a cheerleader or an ex-nun.
	(9)  Cucumbers don't fall asleep on your chest or drool on the
	     pillow.
	(10) Cucumbers don't care if you make more money than they do.
	(11) With a cucumber, the toilet seat is always the way you
	     left it.


The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.


Duckies are fun!


O give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
Where the deer and the antelope play,
Where seldom is heard
A discouraging word,
'Cause what can an antelope say?


You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.


It's a poor workman who blames his tools.


Lost interest?  It's so bad I've lost apathy.


Disclaimer of the Week:
	Any Society Which Requires Disclaimers Has Too Many Goddamn Lawyers.


To generalize is to be an idiot.
		-- William Blake


Old timer, n.:
	One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an organization.


The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.


The real reason large families benefit society is because at least
a few of the children in the world shouldn't be raised by beginners.


The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.


I don't know what Descartes' got,
But booze can do what Kant cannot.
		-- Mike Cross


Surprise due today.  Also the rent.


If you don't have time to do it right, where
are you going to find the time to do it over?


If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
		-- Chinese proverb


Peace cannot be kept by force; it
can only be achieved by understanding.
		-- Albert Einstein


When God created man, She was only testing.


	A father gave his teenage daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for
her birthday.  An hour later, when wandered through the house, he found her
looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.  "My pup," she murmured
sadly, "runneth over."


Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the men are strong,
The women are pretty, and the children are above-average.
		-- Garrison Keillor


In bed Dr. Oscar McPugh
Spoke of Spengler -- and ate crackers too.
	His wife said, "Oh, stuff
	That philosophy guff
Up your ass, dear, and throw me a screw!"


You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

ARIES (March 21 - April 19)
	Matters are not good, where your health is concerned.  This Fall, be
sure to "walk groundly, talk profoundly, drink roundly, and sleep soundly"
and you will live all the days of your life.

TAURUS (April 20 - May 20)
	You spent a fortune on beer this past summer and now find yourself
in a deep depression because you can't afford even one of your favorite
brewskis.  Don't fret too much, Taurus.  To get back on your feet simply
miss two car payments.

GEMINI (May 21 - June 21)
	You think you're falling in love with a person who has a lot in
common with yourself.  You both prefer ales, you've both tried your hand
at homebrewing, and you both want to visit every new brewpub that opens.
Sounds impressive but remember you really don't know your partner until
you meet in court.


New York is real.  The rest is done with mirrors.


Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.


The King plugged the Queen's ass with mustard
To make her fuck hot, but got flustered,
	And cried, "Oh, my dear,
	I am coming, I fear,
But the mustard will make you come `plus tard'."


There's so much plastic in this culture that
vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
		-- Lily Tomlin


The Least Successful Equal Pay Advertisement
	In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish
Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality
legislation.  The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay
enforcement officer.  The advertisement offered different salary scales for
men and women.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.  It knows it must run faster
than the fastest lion or it will be killed.  Every morning a lion wakes up.
It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death.
It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes
up, you'd better be running.


Brillineggiava, ed i tovoli slati
	girlavano ghimbanti nella vaba;
i borogovi eran tutti mimanti
	e la moma radeva fuorigraba.

"Figliuolo mio, sta' attento al Gibrovacco,
	dagli artigli e dal morso lacerante;
fuggi l'uccello Giuggiolo, e nel sacco
	metti infine il frumioso Bandifante".
		-- "The Jabberwock"


	We were somewhere around Barstow on the edge of the desert when the
drugs began to take hold.  I remember saying something like "I feel a bit
lightheaded; maybe you should drive ..."  And suddenly there was a terrible
roar all around us and the sky was full of what looked like huge bats, all
swooping and screeching and diving around the car, which was going about a
hundred miles an hour with the top down to Las Vegas.  And a voice was
screaming: "Holy Jesus!  What are these goddamn animals?"
	Then it was quiet again.  My attorney had taken his shirt off and
was pouring beer on his chest, to facilitate the tanning process.  "What the
hell are you yelling about?" he muttered, staring up at the sun with his
eyes closed and covered with wraparound Spanish sunglasses.  "Never mind,"
I said.  "It's your turn to drive."  I hit the brakes and aimed the Great
Red Shark toward the shoulder of the highway.  No point in mentioning the
bats, I thought.  The poor bastard will see them soon enough.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas:
		   A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream"


Everybody needs a little love sometime;
stop hacking and fall in love!


It [marriage] happens as with cages: the birds without despair
to get in, and those within despair of getting out.
		-- Michel Eyquem de Montaigne


There is brutality and there is honesty.
There is no such thing as brutal honesty.


We may not return the affection of those who like us,
but we always respect their good judgment.


	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."


Did you hear about the new German microwave oven?
		... Seats 500.


                              THE
                             NORMAL
                          LAW OF ERROR
                        STANDS OUT IN THE
                      EXPERIENCE OF MANKIND
                     AS ONE  OF THE BROADEST
                    GENERALIZATIONS OF NATURAL
                  PHILOSOPHY * IT SERVES AS THE
                GUIDING INSTRUMENT IN RESEARCHES
             IN THE PHYSICAL AND SOCIAL SCIENCES AND
            IN MEDICINE, AGRICULTURE AND ENGINEERING *
       IT IS AN INDISPENSABLE TOOL FOR THE ANALYSIS AND THE
INTERPRETATION OF THE BASIC DATA OBTAINED BY OBSERVATION AND EXPERIMENT

                -- W. J. Youden


The hieroglyphics are all unreadable except for a notation on the back,
which reads "Genuine authentic Egyptian papyrus.  Guaranteed to be at
least 5000 years old."


The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid
prejudice.
		-- Mark Twain


Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will,
but remember, it didn't help the rabbit.
		-- R. E. Shay


To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus


A debugged program is one for which you have
not yet found the conditions that make it fail.
		-- Jerry Ogdin


Weed's Axiom:
	Never ask two questions in a business letter.
	The reply will discuss the one in which you are
	least interested and say nothing about the other.


Mixed emotions:
	Watching a bus-load of lawyers plunge off a cliff.
	With five empty seats.


Be security conscious -- National Defense is at stake.


	A secretary entered her boss's office with the announcement: "I have
some good news and some bad news."
	He muttered, "It's quarterly report day, Sally -- just the good news."
	She replied, "You're not sterile."


You should tip the waiter $10, minus $2 if he tells you his name,
another $2 if he claims it will be His Pleasure to serve you and
another $2 for each "special" he describes involving confusing terms
such as "shallots," and $4 if the menu contains the word "fixin's."  In
many restaurants, this means the waiter will actually owe you money.
If you are traveling with a child aged six months to three years, you
should leave an additional amount equal to twice the bill to compensate
for the fact that they will have to take the banquette out and burn it
because the cracks are wedged solid with gobbets made of partially
chewed former restaurant rolls saturated with baby spit.

In New York, tip the taxicab driver $40 if he does not mention his
hemorrhoids.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


Laugh at your problems:  everybody else does.


	The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball...
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years
old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.  You've got to let it
grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're
bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
		-- Babe Ruth, in his 1948 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #5

THE ATOMIC GRANDMOTHER:
	This humorous but heart-warming story tells of an elderly woman
	forced to work at a nuclear power plant in order to help the family
	make ends meet.  At night, granny sits on the porch, tells tales
	of her colorful past, and the family uses her to cook barbecues
	and to power small electrical appliances.  Maureen Stapleton gives
	a glowing performance.


Writers do it between periods.


Clarke's Conclusion:
	Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.


When license fees are too high,
users do things by hand.
When the management is too intrusive,
users lose their spirit.

Hack for the user's benefit.
Trust them; leave them alone.


You have an unusual understanding of
the problems of human relationships.


Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.


Certainly the game is rigged.
Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"


Heisenberg may have been here.


Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict,
Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease".
Disraeli replied, "That all depends upon whether I embrace your
principals or your mistress."


Pompoir:  The most sought-after feminine sexual response of all.

'She must... close and constrict the Yoni until it holds the Lingam as with
a finger, opening and shutting at her pleasure, and finally acting as the
hand of the Gopala-girl who milks the cow.  This can be learned only by long
practice, and especially by throwing the will into the part affected, even
as men endeavor to sharpen their hearing...  Her husband will then value her
above all other women, nor would he exchange her for the most beautiful
queen in the Three Worlds...  Among some races the constrictor vaginae muscles
are abnormally developed.  In Abyssinia for instance, a woman can so exert
them as to cause pain to a man, and when sitting on his thighs, she can
induce orgasm without moving any other part of her person.  Such an artist
is called by the Arabs Kabbazah, literally, a holder, and it's not surprising
that slave dealers pay large sums for her'  Thus Richard Burton.  It has
nothing to do with 'race' but a lot to do with practice.  See exercises.
		-- The Joy of Sex


The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he
reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.  The Gray
Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace
of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.  Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of
him are dead, he is alive.
	Now about Lankhmar.  She's been invaded, her walls breached
everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce
host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and
equipped with all modern weapons.  Yet you can save the city."
	"How?" demanded Fafhrd.
	Ningauble shrugged.  "You're a hero.  You should know."
		-- Fritz Leiber, "The Swords of Lankhmar"


You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.


There are few people more often in the wrong
than those who cannot endure to be thought so.


Never underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon.


Women are a problem, but if you haven't already guessed,
they're the kind of problem I enjoy wrestling with.
		-- Warren Beatty


You do not have mail.


The only way to amuse some people
is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.


The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.


He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"


	When the noted playwright George Bernard Shaw sent him two tickets to
the opening night of his new play with a note that read: "Bring a friend, if
you have one," Churchill, not to be outdone, promptly wired back: "You and
your play can go fuck yourselves."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Success is a journey, not a destination.


Jack be nimble, Jack be quick,
Jack jumped over the candle stick.
But Jack wasn't so nimble,
Jack wasn't so quick,
So Jack's in the hospital, with a burned up dick!


We were so poor we couldn't afford a watchdog.
If we heard a noise at night, we'd bark ourselves.
		-- Crazy Jimmy


Whatever you do will be insignificant,
but it is very important that you do it.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke.
I think I saw God.
		-- B. Hathrume Duk


It's from Casablanca.  I've been waiting all my life to use that line.
		-- Woody Allen, "Play It Again, Sam"


Her daughter, thought worried Ms. Coffin,
Had morals the city might soften.
	So she phoned and asked, "Lynn,
	Are you living in sin?"
Lynn said, "No -- but I visit there often."


If a man has a strong faith he can indulge in the luxury of skepticism.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree; that smells *_a_w_f_u_l*.


Life is wasted on the living.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the Edge of the Universe"


Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp! cries she
With silent lips.  Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me...
		-- Emma Lazarus, "The New Colossus"


If God wanted us to have a President,
He would have sent us a candidate.
		-- Jerry Dreshfield


It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.


Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other
forms that have been tried from time to time.
		-- Winston Churchill


If your mother knew what you're doing,
she'd probably hang her head and cry.


Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
		-- Gilb


Kerr's Three Rules for a Successful College:
	Have plenty of football for the alumni, sex
	for the students, and parking for the faculty.


A man is only as old as the woman he feels.
		-- Groucho Marx


Accidents cause History.

If Sigismund Unbuckle had taken a walk in 1426 and met Wat Tyler, the
Peasant's Revolt would never have happened and the motor car would not
have been invented until 2026, which would have meant that all the oil
could have been used for lamps, thus saving the electric light bulb and
the whale, and nobody would have caught Moby Dick or Billy Budd.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


It's fabulous!  We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour!
		-- Macy's


Dicker, v.:
	What you do to your wife if arguing doesn't work.


In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending
your left leg, it's modern architecture.
		-- Nancy Banks Smith


Don't drink when you drive -- you might hit a bump and spill it.


What would you do with a brain if you had one?
		-- Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, "The Wizard of Oz"


Linus' Law:
	There is no heavier burden than a great potential.


People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.


QOTD:
	"My penis is better than corn, because corn doesn't squeal when
	you stick those little prongs into it."
		-- Mark-Jason Dominus


When you find yourself in danger,
When you're threatened by a stranger,
When it looks like you will take a lickin'...

There is one thing you should learn,
When there is no one else to turn to,
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!  (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**)
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31

A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?


"Creation science" has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple
and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and
because good teachers understand exactly why it is false.  What could be
more destructive of that most fragile yet most precious commodity in our
entire intellectual heritage -- good teaching -- than a bill forcing
honorable teachers to sully their sacred trust by granting equal treatment
to a doctrine not only known to be false, but calculated to undermine any
general understanding of science as an enterprise?
		-- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Skeptical Inquirer"


CHRIST:
	A man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time.


The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
		-- C. Schultz


	In the beginning there was data.  The data was without form and
null, and darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of
IBM was moving over the face of the market.  And DEC said, "Let there
be registers"; and there were registers.  And DEC saw that they
carried; and DEC separated the data from the instructions.  DEC called
the data Stack, and the instructions they called Code.  And there was
evening and there was morning, one interrupt.
		-- Rico Tudor, "The Story of Creation or, The Myth of Urk"


Girls who throw themselves at men,
are actually taking very careful aim.


Cocaine is nature's way of telling you you have too much money.


Evening hours "all clear" for romance!
(Tell mate you have to work late.)


The most serious doubt that has been thrown on the authenticity of the
biblical miracles is the fact that most of the witnesses in regard to
them were fishermen.
		-- Arthur Binstead


Reporter, n.:
	A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a
	tempest of words.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Let's talk about what's going *in* Mr. Peterson.  A beer, Woody.
		-- Cheers, Paint Your Office

Sam:  How's life treating you?
Norm: It's not, Sammy, but that doesn't mean you can't.
		-- Cheers, A Kiss is Still a Kiss

Woody:  Can I pour you a draft, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   A little early, isn't it Woody?
Woody:  For a beer?
Norm:   No, for stupid questions.
		-- Cheers, Let Sleeping Drakes Lie


Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people;
from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth...


The best man for the job is often a woman.


A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong!


If in doubt, mumble.


Office Automation, n.:
	The use of computers to improve efficiency in the office
	by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.


Small change can often be found under seat cushions.


Finster's Law:
A closed mouth gathers no feet.


I wouldn't recommend sex, drugs or insanity
for everyone, but they've always worked for me.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


Operators mount anything!


HENPECKED HUSBAND:
	One who's afraid to tell his pregnant wife that he's sterile.


Very few things actually get manufactured these days, because in an
infinitely large Universe, such as the one in which we live, most things one
could possibly imagine, and a lot of things one would rather not, grow
somewhere.  A forest was discovered recently in which most of the trees grew
ratchet screwdrivers as fruit.  The life cycle of the ratchet screwdriver is
quite interesting.  Once picked it needs a dark dusty drawer in which it can
lie undisturbed for years.  Then one night it suddenly hatches, discards its
outer skin that crumbles into dust, and emerges as a totally unidentifiable
little metal object with flanges at both ends and a sort of ridge and a hole
for a screw.  This, when found, will get thrown away.  No one knows what the
screwdriver is supposed to gain from this.  Nature, in her infinite wisdom,
is presumably working on it.


Real Users are afraid they'll break the machine -- but they're never
afraid to break your face.


At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on
the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is
quite untrue in practice.  Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather
than blinkers it.
		-- G. L. Glegg, "The Design of Design"


It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether *I* win
or lose.
		-- Darrin Weinberg


I braved the contempt of my friends last week and ventured out to see
Bambi, the Disney rerelease that is proving to be a hit once again in the
box office.  I was looking forward to a gentle, soothing, late afternoon
relief from the Washington Summer.  Instead I was traumatized.  As a
psycho-sexual return to the horrors of early adolescence, it couldn't be
more effective.  For the first half-hour, you're lulled into an agreeable
sense of security and comfort.  Birds twitter; small rabbits turn out to
be great conversationalists.  Pop is what Senator Moynihan would describe
as an absent father, but Mom's there to make you feel OK in the odd
thunderstorm.  You make great friends, fool around on the ice, discover
the meadow, generally mellow out.  Then, without any particular warning,
your mom gets shot, your voice breaks, huge growths start appearing on
your head, and your peers start heading off into the clover with the
apparent intention of having sex.  Next thing you know, the forest burns
down. If I were still eight, I think I'd prefer Rambo III.
		-- Townsend Davis


I played over the music of that scoundrel Brahms.  What a giftless
bastard!  It annoys me that this self-inflated mediocrity is hailed
as a genius.  Why, in comparison with him, Riff is a genius.
		-- Tchaikovsky, October 9, 1886, diary entry


