Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a
wise person to be able to sell it.


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you
want to test a man's character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Larkinson's Law:
	All laws are basically false.


Many a town that didn't have enough work to support a single lawyer
can easily support two or more.


Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong.
		-- Blair Houghton


People's Action Rules:
	(1) Some people who can, shouldn't.
	(2) Some people who should, won't.
	(3) Some people who shouldn't, will.
	(4) Some people who can't, will try, regardless.
	(5) Some people who shouldn't, but try, will then blame others.


In the days of old,
When Knights were bold,
	And women were too cautious;
Oh, those gallant days,
When women were women,
	And men were really obnoxious.


Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
		-- Joseph Alsop


We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog


A man said to the Universe:
	"Sir, I exist!"
	"However," replied the Universe,
	"the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."
		-- Stephen Crane


There are strange things done in the midnight sun
	By the men who moil for gold;
The Arctic trails have their secret tales
	That would make your blood run cold;
The Northern Lights have seen queer sights,
	But the queerest they ever did see
Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge
	I cremated Sam McGee.
		-- Robert W. Service


When man calls an animal "vicious", he usually means that it
will attempt to defend itself when he tries to kill it.


The Kennedy Constant:
	Don't get mad -- get even.


When you're married to someone, they take you for granted ... when
you're living with someone it's fantastic ... they're so frightened
of losing you they've got to keep you satisfied all the time.
		-- Nell Dunn, "Poor Cow"


Xerox never comes up with anything original.


	Excellence is THE trend of the '80s.  Walk into any shopping
mall bookstore, go to the rack where they keep the best-sellers such as
"Garfield Gets Spayed", and you'll see a half-dozen books telling you
how to be excellent: "In Search of Excellence", "Finding Excellence",
"Grasping Hold of Excellence", "Where to Hide Your Excellence at Night
So the Cleaning Personnel Don't Steal It", etc.
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


The meek inherit the earth -- usually in small sections... about 6 by 3.


Man will never fly.
Space travel is merely a dream.
All aspirin is alike.


It was pleasant to me to get a letter from you the other day.  Perhaps
I should have found it pleasanter if I had been able to decipher it.  I
don't think that I mastered anything beyond the date (which I knew) and
the signature (which I guessed at).  There's a singular and a perpetual
charm in a letter of yours; it never grows old, it never loses its
novelty.  Other letters are read and thrown away and forgotten, but
yours are kept forever -- unread.  One of them will last a reasonable
man a lifetime.
		-- Thomas Aldrich


PURITAN:
	Someone who is deathly afraid that
	someone, somewhere, is having fun.


This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
		-- Winston Churchill


Retirement means that when someone says "Have a nice day", you
actually have a shot at it.


No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"


You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.


The animals are not as stupid as one thinks -- they have neither
doctors nor lawyers.
		-- L. Docquier


I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet,		A posted message called me rotten
But seven people gave me hell		For ignoring mail I'd never gotten;
And said I ought to learn to spell;	An angry message asked me, Please
					Don't send such drivel overseas;
A lawyer sent me private mail
And swore he'd slap my ass in jail --	One netter thought it was a hoax:
I'd mentioned Un*x in my gem		"Hereafter, post to net dot jokes!";
And failed to add the T and M;		Another called my grammar vile
					And criticized my writing style.
Each day I scan each Subject line
In hopes the topic will be mine;
I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet...
		-- Ed Nather


If mathematically you end up with the wrong
answer, try multiplying by the page number.


Theorem: a cat has nine tails.
Proof:
	No cat has eight tails. A cat has one tail more than no cat.
	Therefore, a cat has nine tails.


It's not the ups and downs of love, it's the ins and outs.


It seems intuitively obvious to me, which means that it might be wrong.
		-- Chris Torek


You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.


Cigarette, n.:
	A fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a bit of tobacco in
	between.


try again


Today is what happened to yesterday.


If swimming is so good for your figure, how come whales look the
way they do?


Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.


Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
lied.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"


I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day cause that means
it's going to be up all night.
		-- Steven Wright


QOTD:
	"It's a dog-eat-dog world, and I'm wearing Milk Bone underwear."


Fortune's Exercising Truths:

1:  Richard Simmons gets paid to exercise like a lunatic.  You don't.
2.  Aerobic exercises stimulate and speed up the heart.  So do heart attacks.
3.  Exercising around small children can scar them emotionally for life.
4.  Sweating like a pig and gasping for breath is not refreshing.
5.  No matter what anyone tells you, isometric exercises cannot be done
    quietly at your desk at work.  People will suspect manic tendencies as
    you twitter around in your chair.
6.  Next to burying bones, the thing a dog enjoys most is tripping joggers.
7.  Locking four people in a tiny, cement-walled room so they can run around
    for an hour smashing a little rubber ball -- and each other -- with a hard
    racket should immediately be recognized for what it is: a form of insanity.
8.  Fifty push-ups, followed by thirty sit-ups, followed by ten chin-ups,
    followed by one throw-up.
9.  Any activity that can't be done while smoking should be avoided.


For an adequate time call 555-3321.


	Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes of Harvard Medical School inhaled ether
at a time when it was popularly supposed to produce such mystical or
"mind-expanding" experiences, much as LSD is supposed to produce such
experiences today.  Here is his account of what happened:
	"I once inhaled a pretty full dose of ether, with the determination
to put on record, at the earliest moment of regaining consciousness, the
thought I should find uppermost in my mind.  The mighty music of the triumphal
march into nothingness reverberated through my brain, and filled me with a
sense of infinite possibilities, which made me an archangel for a moment.
The veil of eternity was lifted.  The one great truth which underlies all
human experience and is the key to all the mysteries that philosophy has
sought in vain to solve, flashed upon me in a sudden revelation.  Henceforth
all was clear: a few words had lifted my intelligence to the level of the
knowledge of the cherubim.  As my natural condition returned, I remembered
my resolution; and, staggering to my desk, I wrote, in ill-shaped, straggling
characters, the all-embracing truth still glimmering in my consciousness.
The words were these (children may smile; the wise will ponder):
`A strong smell of turpentine prevails throughout.'"
		-- The Consumers Union Report: Licit & Illicit Drugs


Brontosaurus Principle:
	Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them
in relation to their environment and to their own physiology:  when
this occurs, they are an endangered species.
		-- Thomas K. Connellan


I don't like spinach, and I'm glad I don't,
because if I liked it I'd eat it, and I'd just hate it.
		-- Clarence Darrow


A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31

A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?


We'll be recording at the Paradise Friday
night.  Live, on the Death label.
		-- Swan, "Phantom of the Paradise"


Paster Crosstalk:	What items are specifically mentioned by GOD as being
	unclean?  Now did you know... preying birds... praying mantises...
	All birds of prey, all carrion eaters, fish eaters -- no good, can't
	eat those.  Nothing that does not have both fins and scales.  Most
	CREEPING things...
Alvarado:	How 'bout caterpillars?
P:	A caterpillar doesn't have a backbone.  Nothing without a backbone
	can get in.
A:	How do you know?  You char a caterpillar, it gets real stiff!
P:	Well, I don't think that the Lord meant us to eat CHARRED
	CATERPILLARS!
[...]
P:	The hog, the squirrel... little squirrels.  Who would want to eat
	a LITTLE SQUIRREL?
A:	If you're starving.  If you're starving in the park one day.
P:	You'd probably just CHAR 'em to get 'em stiff, wouldn't ya?
A:	No, you SINGE 'em.  You SINGE 'em and eat 'em.  *I* read about the
	Donner Pass, I know what man does when he's hungry.
P:	Squirrels eating squirrels -- my GOD, that's sick!
A:	That's sick, SURE.  But a MAN eating a squirrel -- that's (heh, heh)
	par for the course, Charlie.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #108

In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless
there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red
flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.


Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.


Force it!!!
If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway...
No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.


Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.


Kissing, petting, and even intercourse are all right as long as they are
sincere.  I have never given a kiss in my life that wasn't sincere.  As
for intercourse, I'd say three times a day was about right.
		-- Margaret Sangor


The government [is] extremely fond of amassing great quantities of statistics.
These are raised to the nth degree, the cube roots are extracted, and the
results are arranged into elaborate and impressive displays.  What must be
kept ever in mind, however, is that in every case, the figures are first
put down by a village watchman, and he puts down anything he damn well
pleases.
		-- Sir Josiah Stamp


If I love you, what business is it of yours?
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


3rd Law of Computing:
	Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped


About the only thing we have left that actually
discriminates in favor of the plain people is the stork.


All's well that ends.


With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I
try to be a fraud and a half.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


Sadoequinecrophilia, n.:
	Beating a dead horse.


The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of
its capacity -- the rest is overhead for the operating system.


Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?
It is because we are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain


Today's scientific question is: What in the world is electricity?

And where does it go after it leaves the toaster?
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Unquestionably, there is progress.  The average American now
pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
		-- H. L. Mencken


In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves:
the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.


Cecil, you're my final hope
Of finding out the true Straight Dope
For I have been reading of Schrodinger's cat
But none of my cats are at all like that.
This unusual animal (so it is said)
Is simultaneously alive and dead!
What I don't understand is just why he
Can't be one or the other, unquestionably.
My future now hangs in between eigenstates.
In one I'm enlightened, in the other I ain't.
If *you* understand, Cecil, then show me the way
And rescue my psyche from quantum decay.
But if this queer thing has perplexed even you,
Then I will *_a_n_d* I won't see you in Schrodinger's zoo.
		-- Randy F., Chicago, "The Straight Dope, a compendium
		   of human knowledge" by Cecil Adams


As in certain cults it is possible to
kill a process if you know its true name.
		-- Ken Thompson and Dennis M. Ritchie


Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.


Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd
rather lie around.  No contest.
		-- Eric Clapton


A Southern boy graduates from high school heads north to college, taking the
family dog, Old Blue with him, for company.  He's only been there a few weeks
when he gets a call from his girlfriend; seems like they've got a problem,
and she needs a thousand dollars to take care of it.  The boy calls his folks:
	"How are you?" they ask.
	"Oh, I'm fine," he says.
	"And how," they ask, "is Old Blue?"
	"Well, he's kind of depressed.  You see, there's this lady up here
that teaches dogs to talk, and Ol' Blue is feelin' kind of left out 'cause
he's the only dog that doesn't know how to talk.  She charges a thousand
dollars."
	The parents send the boy the thousand dollars, he forwards it to Mary
Lou, and everything's fine until Christmas vacation.  The boy leaves Ol' Blue
at his dorm, 'cause he just can't figure out what to tell his parents.  Sure
enough, when he gets home, the first thing his father wants to know is
"Where's Old Blue?"
	"Well, Pa," says the boy.  "I was driving on home and Old Blue was
talking away about this and that when we passed the Buford's farm.  Old Blue,
well, he said, `Say, what do you think your mother would do if I told her
that your father's been comin' over here and seeing Mrs. Buford all these
years?'"
	The father looks at his son -- "You shot that dog, didn't you, boy?"


QOTD:
	"It's not the despair... I can stand the despair.  It's the hope."


Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.


Actually, the probability is 100% that the elevator
will be going in the right direction.  Proof by induction:

N=1.	Trivially true, since both you and the elevator
	only have one floor to go to.

Assume true for N, prove for N+1:
	If you are on any of the first N floors, then it is true by the
	induction hypothesis.  If you are on the N+1st floor, then both you
	and the elevator have only one choice, namely down.  Therefore,
	it is true for all N+1 floors.
QED.


"It could be that Walter's horse has wings" does not imply that there is
any such animal as Walter's horse, only that there could be; but "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" does imply Walter's horse's
existence.  But the conjunction "Walter's horse exists, and it could be
that Walter's horse has wings" still does not imply "Walter's horse is a
thing that could have wings", for perhaps it can only be that Walter's
horse has wings by Walter having a different horse.  Nor does "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" conversely imply "It could be that
Walter's horse has wings"; for it might be that Walter's horse could only
have wings by not being Walter's horse.

I would deny, though, that the formula [Necessarily if some x has property P
then some x has property P] expresses a logical law, since P(x) could stand
for, let us say "x is a better logician than I am", and the statement "It is
necessary that if someone is a better logician than I am then someone is a
better logician than I am" is false because there need not have been any me.
		-- A. N. Prior, "Time and Modality"


Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days,
but left to itself, a cold will hang on for a week.
		-- Darrell Huff


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Let the programmer be many and the managers few -- then all will
	be productive."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here
depends on a clever but highly unmotivated trick.
		-- Howard Anton, "Elementary Linear Algebra"


There are three ways to get something done:
	1: Do it yourself.
	2: Hire someone to do it for you.
	3: Forbid your kids to do it.


Fraud is the homage that force pays to reason.
		-- Charles Curtis, "A Commonplace Book"


Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.


Horngren's Observation:
	Among economists, the real world is often a special case.


An editor is one who separates the wheat from the chaff and prints the chaff.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me.
And Jimmy has a frontal lobotomy.
Just different ways to kill the pain the same.
But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me,
Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy.
I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
		-- Randy Ansley M.D. (Dr. Rock)


INTOXICATED:
	When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

MAMNOUNAN GHORBAN IN DAFAYEH MEEMUNAM.
	It is with greatest pleasure that I sign
	this confession of capital crimes.

MATERNIER GHERMEZ AHLIEH, GHORBAN.
	The red blindfold would be lovely, excellency.

TIKEH NUNEH BA OB KHRELEH BEZORG VA KHRUBE BOYAST INO BEGERAM.
	The water-soaked bread crumbs are delicious, thank you.
	I must have the recipe.

ETEHFOR'AN, DEHRATEE, OTAGEH SHOMA MIKRASTAM KHE
DO HAFTAEH BA BODANEH SHEEREEL TEEGZ.
	Truly, I would rather be a hostage to your greatly esteemed
	self than spend a fortnight upon the person of Cheryl Tiegs.


If you would know the value of money, go try to borrow some.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again.


A man may be so much of everything that he is nothing of anything.
		-- Samuel Johnson


For a good time, call 632-9485.  Ask for Michael.


Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse.
		-- Oscar Wilde

Most UNIX programmers are great masters of style.
		-- The Unnamed Usenetter


Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other
forms that have been tried from time to time.
		-- Winston Churchill


I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
		-- graffito in Los Angeles

On a clear day,
U.C.L.A.
		-- graffito in San Francisco

There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our
lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
		-- Robert Orben


Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation ... the other eight
are unimportant.
		-- Henry Miller


One good turn deserves another.
		-- Gaius Petronius


Being in politics is like being a football coach.  You have to be smart
enough to understand the game and dumb enough to think it's important.
		-- Eugene McCarthy


There was an interesting development in the CBS-Westmoreland trial:
both sides agreed that after the trial, Andy Rooney would be allowed to
talk to the jury for three minutes about little things that annoyed him
during the trial.
		-- David Letterman


Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.


Eschew obfuscation.


Plagiarize, plagiarize,
Let no man's work evade your eyes,
Remember why the good Lord made your eyes,
Don't shade your eyes,
But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize.
Only be sure to call it research.
		-- Tom Lehrer


... C++ offers even more flexible control over the visibility of member
objects and member functions.  Specifically, members may be placed in the
public, private, or protected parts of a class.  Members declared in the
public parts are visible to all clients; members declared in the private
parts are fully encapsulated; and members declared in the protected parts
are visible only to the class itself and its subclasses.  C++ also supports
the notion of *friends*: cooperative classes that are permitted to see each
other's private parts.
		-- Grady Booch, "Object Oriented Design with Applications"


	We were somewhere around Barstow on the edge of the desert when the
drugs began to take hold.  I remember saying something like "I feel a bit
lightheaded; maybe you should drive ..."  And suddenly there was a terrible
roar all around us and the sky was full of what looked like huge bats, all
swooping and screeching and diving around the car, which was going about a
hundred miles an hour with the top down to Las Vegas.  And a voice was
screaming: "Holy Jesus!  What are these goddamn animals?"
	Then it was quiet again.  My attorney had taken his shirt off and
was pouring beer on his chest, to facilitate the tanning process.  "What the
hell are you yelling about?" he muttered, staring up at the sun with his
eyes closed and covered with wraparound Spanish sunglasses.  "Never mind,"
I said.  "It's your turn to drive."  I hit the brakes and aimed the Great
Red Shark toward the shoulder of the highway.  No point in mentioning the
bats, I thought.  The poor bastard will see them soon enough.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas:
		   A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream"


People that can't find something to live for always seem to find something
to die for.  The problem is, they usually want the rest of us to die for
it too.


A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it
had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice
firm tuft of grass.
		-- Donald A. Metz


What is a magician but a practicing theorist?
		-- Obi-Wan Kenobi


... A booming voice says, "Wrong, cretin!", and you notice that you
have turned into a pile of dust.


Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.


Lawsuit, n.:
	A machine which you go into as a pig and come out as a sausage.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci


	The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in
a position of negative need.
	He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area.
	He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous
liquid.
	He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup.
	He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal
prestige of His identity.
	It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make
ambulatory progress through the umbrageous inter-hill mortality slot, terror
sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena.
	Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me
into a pleasurific mood state.
	You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure
in the context of non-cooperative elements.
	You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract.
	My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis.
	It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational
empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their
target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess
tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended
time basis.


Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
		-- Sextus Aurelius


Women come and go, but BSD is forever.
		-- Derek Young


Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars and, Pluto, but not necessarily in
that order.
		-- George Michaelson


The United States also has its native Fascists who say that they are
"100 percent American"...
		-- U.S. Army (1945)


Many a man has fallen in love with a girl in a light so dim he would
not have chosen a suit by it.
		-- Maurice Chevalier


The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that
he is already degraded.
		-- George Orwell


Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
		-- W. C. Bennett


Forgive him,
for he believes that the customs of his tribe are the laws of nature!
		-- George Bernard Shaw


It was a virgin forest, a place where the Hand of Man had never set
foot.


And yet, seasons must be taken with a grain of salt, for they too have a
sense of humor, as does history.  Corn stalks comedy, comedy stalks tragedy,
and this too is historic.  And yet, still, when corn meets tragedy face to
face, we have politics.
		-- Dalglish, Larsen and Sutherland,
		   "Root Crops and Ground Cover"


The strong individual loves the earth so much he lusts for recurrence.  He
can smile in the face of the most terrible thought: meaningless, aimless
existence recurring eternally.  The second characteristic of such a man is
that he has the strength to recognize -- and to live with the recognition --
that the world is valueless in itself and that all values are human ones.
He creates himself by fashioning his own values; he has the pride to live
by the values he wills.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating
people to approach printed matter with distrust.


Fun Facts, #14:
	In table tennis, whoever gets 21 points first wins.  That's how
	it once was in baseball -- whoever got 21 runs first won.


Where am I, and what am I doing in this handbasket?
		-- Mark A. Matthews, to Wes Peters, circa 1996


Programming is an unnatural act.


Computers are useless.  They can only give you answers.
		-- Pablo Picasso


I don't know what Descartes' got,
But booze can do what Kant cannot.
		-- Mike Cross


What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?
In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


"We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call
free enterprise," said Cash McCall, "but when one of our citizens
show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do
our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself."
		-- Cameron Hawley


The pleasure is transitory, the cost
prohibitive, and the position ridiculous.
		-- Disraeli, on sex


Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you
awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
		-- C. B. Luce


I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
		-- Albert Einstein, on the randomness of quantum mechanics


All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett


I was in accord with the system so long as it
permitted me to function effectively.
		-- Albert Speer


"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down
to the sea and drown yourselves."

"How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why
you human beings don't."
		-- James Thurber


Don't take life so serious, son, it ain't nohow permanent.
		-- Walt Kelly


Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.


Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
We their sons are more worthless than they:
so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will
be the greatest benefactor the world has yet known.
		-- Sir Richard Burton


Regardless of whether a mission expands or contracts,
administrative overhead continues to grow at a steady rate.


There must be more to life than having everything.
		-- Maurice Sendak


Evolution is a million line computer
program falling into place by accident.


Weinberg's Principle:
	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping
	on to the grand fallacy.


All warranty and guarantee clauses
become null and void upon payment of invoice.


Lack of money is the root of all evil.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


HOGAN'S HEROES DRINKING GAME --
	Take a shot every time:

-- Sergeant Schultz says, "I knoooooowww nooooothing!"
-- General Burkhalter or Major Hochstetter intimidate/insult Colonel Klink.
-- Colonel Klink falls for Colonel Hogan's flattery.
-- One of the prisoners sneaks out of camp (one shot for each prisoner to go).
-- Colonel Klink snaps to attention after answering the phone (two shots
	if it's one of our heroes on the other end).
-- One of the Germans is threatened with being sent to the Russian front.
-- Corporal Newkirk calls up a German in his phoney German accent, and
	tricks him (two shots if it's Colonel Klink).
-- Hogan has a romantic interlude with a beautiful girl from the underground.
-- Colonel Klink relates how he's never had an escape from Stalag 13.
-- Sergeant Schultz gives up a secret (two shots if he's bribed with food).
-- The prisoners listen to the Germans' conversation by a hidden transmitter.
-- Sergeant Schultz "captures" one of the prisoners after an escape.
-- Lebeau pronounces "colonel" as "cuh-loh-`nell".
-- Carter builds some kind of device (two shots if it's not explosive).
-- Lebeau wears his apron.
-- Hogan says "We've got no choice" when the someone claims that the
	plan is impossible.
-- The prisoners capture an important German, and sneak him out the tunnel.


Pohl's law:
	Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.


