The most important early product on the way
to developing a good product is an imperfect version.


Seems this guy showed up at a party, and all of his friends jumped for
Joy.  But she sidestepped, and they missed.


It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
		-- Walt Disney


Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand


There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.


T:	One big monster, he called TROLL.
	He don't rock, and he don't roll;
	Drink no wine, and smoke no stogies.
	He just Love To Eat Them Roguies.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


"The Schizophrenic: An Unauthorized Autobiography"


Opium is very cheap considering you don't
feel like eating for the next six days.
		-- Taylor Mead, famous transvestite


Bondage, or as the French call it, ligottage, is the gentle art of tying up
your sex partner --- not to overcome reluctance but to boost orgasm.  It's
one unscheduled sex technique which a lot of people find extremely exciting
but are scared to try, and a venerable human resource for increasing sexual
feeling, partly because it's a harmless expression of sexual aggression --
something we badly need, our culture being very uptight about it -- and more
because of its physical affects: slow orgasm when unable to move is a
mind-blowing experience for anyone not too frightened of their own aggressive
self to try it.
		-- The Joy of Sex


You should tip the waiter $10, minus $2 if he tells you his name,
another $2 if he claims it will be His Pleasure to serve you and
another $2 for each "special" he describes involving confusing terms
such as "shallots," and $4 if the menu contains the word "fixin's."  In
many restaurants, this means the waiter will actually owe you money.
If you are traveling with a child aged six months to three years, you
should leave an additional amount equal to twice the bill to compensate
for the fact that they will have to take the banquette out and burn it
because the cracks are wedged solid with gobbets made of partially
chewed former restaurant rolls saturated with baby spit.

In New York, tip the taxicab driver $40 if he does not mention his
hemorrhoids.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


I'd walk a mile for a Camel, two for a hump.


One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.


Delusions are often functional. A mother's opinions about
her children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad
nauseam, keep her from drowning them at birth.


By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
In fact, it is as difficult to appropriate the thoughts of others
as it is to invent.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
		-- Quoted from a fortune cookie program
		(whose author claims, "Actually, stealing IS easier.")
		[to which I reply, "You think it's easy for me to
		misconstrue all these misquotations?!?"  Ed.]


A lover without indiscretion is no lover at all.
		-- Thomas Hardy


Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is sitting on your back
	in a hurricane?
A:	You can hear his ears flapping in the wind.


You are a taxi driver.  Your cab is yellow and black, and has been in
use for only seven years.  One of its windshield wipers is broken, and
the carburetor needs adjusting.  The tank holds 20 gallons, but at the
moment is only three-quarters full.  How old is the taxi driver?"


Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently.  Things hitherto
undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
		-- Max Beerbohm, "Mainly on the Air"


Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
		-- D. Gries


The only way for writers to meet is to share a quick pee over a common
lamp-post.
		-- Cyril Connolly, "Journal and Memoir"


I've found my niche.  If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was
this little hole in the bottom ...
		-- John Croll


It's a poor workman who blames his tools.


C for yourself.


Marriage is like a bank account.  You put it in, you take it out,
you lose interest.
		-- Professor Irwin Corey


	Never take a resume seriously.  Resumes only make money for the
people who write the resumes.  No resume ever tells an employer how many
times a job applicant has had the clap.
	Why, indeed, would anyone hire a person based on a resume written
by a professional liar?
	If the applicant is a man, the employer must ask only one question:
did the applicant go to TCU?
	If the applicant is a woman, the employer may simply ask: does she
have a tongue that can lick the paint off a dormitory wall?
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Baja Oklahoma"


The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.


Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
'Cause it's good enough for me!

It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
And it's good enough for me!


I was the best I ever had.
		-- Woody Allen


Because I do,
Because I do not hope,
Because I do not hope to survive
Injustice from the Palace, death from the air,
Because I do, only do,
I continue...
		-- T. S. Pynchon


Nice guys don't finish nice.


If I don't drive around the park,
I'm pretty sure to make my mark.
If I'm in bed each night by ten,
I may get back my looks again.
If I abstain from fun and such,
I'll probably amount to much;
But I shall stay the way I am,
Because I do not give a damn.
		-- Dorothy Parker


You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.


A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.


Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.


If you're going to walk on thin ice, you might as well dance.


Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
		-- Michael J. Wagner


Sometimes I live in the country,
And sometimes I live in town.
And sometimes I have a great notion,
To jump in the river and drown.


Said a lecherous fellow named Shea,
When his prick wouldn't rise for a lay,
	"You must seize it, and squeeze it,
	And tease it, and please it,
For Rome wasn't built in a day."


The future is a myth created by insurance
salesmen and high school counselors.


Blore's Razor:
	Given a choice between two theories, take the one which is
funnier.


	A Scotsman was strolling across High Street one day wearing his kilt.
As he neared the far curb, he noticed two young blondes in a red convertible
eyeing him and giggling.  One of them called out, "Hey, Scotty!  What's worn
under the kilt?"
	He strolled over to the side of the car and asked, "Ach, lass, are you
SURE you want to know?"  Somewhat nervously, the blonde replied yes, she did
really want to know.
	The Scotsman leaned closer and confided, "Why, lass, nothing's worn
under the kilt, everything's in perfect workin' order!"


Noncombatant, n.:
	A dead Quaker.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.


Prejudice, n.:
	A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.


Fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything.


A statistician, who refused to fly after reading of the alarmingly high
probability that there will be a bomb on any given plane, realized that
the probability of there being two bombs on any given flight is very low.
Now, whenever he flies, he carries a bomb with him.


Democrats buy most of the books that have been banned somewhere.
Republicans form censorship committees and read them as a group.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in the USA.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans usually wear hats and almost always clean their paint brushes.

Republicans study the financial pages of the newspaper.
Democrats put them in the bottom of the bird cage.

Most of the stuff alongside the road has been thrown out of car
windows by Democrats.
		-- Paul Dickson, "The Official Rules"


Boy, get your head out of the stars above,
You get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
To get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
And get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
		-- Mac Macinelli, "Minimum Love"


We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Pogo"


The pleasure is transitory, the cost
prohibitive, and the position ridiculous.
		-- Disraeli, on sex


You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	Your only son tells you he wishes Anita Bryant would mind
		her own business.
(2)	You put your bra on backwards and it fits better.
(3)	You call Suicide Prevention and they put you on hold.
(4)	You see a `60 Minutes' news team waiting in your office.
(5)	Your birthday cake collapses from the weight of the candles.
(6)	Your 4-year old reveals that it's "almost impossible" to
		flush a grapefruit down the toilet.
(7)	You realize that you've memorized the back of the cereal box.


Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Zippity doo dah, zippity ay,
I just gave my sister's cherry away!
To a couple of truckers from Erie P.A.,
Zippity doo dah, zippity ay.
		-- John Valby


Pedaeration, n.:
	The perfect body heat achieved by having one leg under the
	sheet and one hanging off the edge of the bed.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Nancy Reagan wants to divorce old Ron...
seems he's making it hard for everyone but her.


When your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn
They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Sisters of Mercy"


British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive
it.  If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
		-- Peter Ustinov


I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a
week sometimes to make it up.
		-- Mark Twain, "The Innocents Abroad"


Nothing, nothing, nothing, no error, no crime is so absolutely
repugnant to God as everything which is official; and why? because
the official is so impersonal and therefore the deepest insult
which can be offered to a personality.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.


There was a phone call for you.


A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours.
		-- Milton Berle


One good turn deserves another.
		-- Gaius Petronius


Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies.  Women's magazines
also often feature pictures of naked ladies.  This is because the female
body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and
should not be seen by the light of day.
		-- Richard Roeper, "Men and Women Are Different"


Per buck you get more computing action with the small computer.
		-- R. W. Hamming


The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the
illiterates can read.
		-- Alberto Moravia


In India, "cold weather" is merely a conventional phrase and has come into
use through the necessity of having some way to distinguish between weather
which will melt a brass door-knob and weather which will only make it mushy.
		-- Mark Twain


Preserve wildlife -- pickle a squirrel today!


Liar: one who tells an unpleasant truth.
		-- Oliver Herford


Hoare's Law of Large Problems:
	Inside every large problem is a small
	problem struggling to get out.


It is the wisdom of crocodiles, that shed tears when they would devour.
		-- Francis Bacon


A little Mexican boy comes home from school one day and says to his grand-
father, "Granddaddy, today my teacher said that Pancho Villa, the bandit
used to raid towns around here!  Did you ever know him?"
	"Do *I* know Pancho Villa?" exclaims the man.  "Why, boy, before
your father was born, I was riding into town on my horse.  Suddenly, from
behind the bushes leaped Pancho with his six-guns drawn!  He told me to get
down off the horse and to give him all my money.  Then, he told me to scoop
some manure from the ground and eat it!"
	"I refused at first, but Pancho had the guns, so I ate the shit.
And he started laughing so hard that it scared his horse into rearing up --
I grabbed the guns from his hands!  I said to Pancho, `Okay, Pancho, now
it's your turn -- you eat the shit!'  I had the guns, so he ate the shit.
	"And you ask me, child, if I know Pancho Villa, the bandit!  Why,
we had *lunch* together!"


"You are old, Father William," the young man said,
	"All your papers these days look the same;
Those William's would be better unread --
	Do these facts never fill you with shame?"

"In my youth," Father William replied to his son,
	"I wrote wonderful papers galore;
But the great reputation I found that I'd won,
	Made it pointless to think any more."


What is mind?  No matter.
What is matter?  Never mind.
		-- Thomas Hewitt Key (1799-1875)


All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately un-rehearsed.
		-- Sean O'Casey


Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.


One day Adam, while wandering around the Garden of Eden, noticed that all
the animals seemed to come in pairs, male and female.  He also noted that
they seemed to enjoy being together a lot.  So, he went to his special
place and reported to God what he'd noticed.
	God, understanding his need, said, "Adam, the time has come for me
to provide you with a mate.  Go lie down and when you have fallen asleep, I
will create your mate."
	So Adam wandered off, found a nice patch of soft grass and fell
asleep.  Some time later he awoke, possibly due to a bit of pain in his
ribs, possibly because of the gorgeous woman leaning over him.  Remembering
the animals he'd seen having such fun, he immediately reached for her.
Pretty soon Adam's back at his special place.
	"God?"
	"Yes, Adam, what now?"
	"God, what's a headache?"


Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
[If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
		-- Henri Estienne


Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?


Conway's Law:
	In any organization there will always be one person who knows
	what is going on.

	This person must be fired.


This fortune intentionally not included.


If your enemy is buried in quicksand up to his neck, pull him out.
If he is buried up to his eyes, step on his head.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, "The Prince"


GIVE UP!!!!


	Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermont noted
in January, 1966, "I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.  I think we need more
owls."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
		-- Michael Arlen


The right to revolt has sources deep in our history.
		-- Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas


Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a
faster rat!!!


Optimist, n.:
	A bagpiper with a beeper.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #5

THE ATOMIC GRANDMOTHER:
	This humorous but heart-warming story tells of an elderly woman
	forced to work at a nuclear power plant in order to help the family
	make ends meet.  At night, granny sits on the porch, tells tales
	of her colorful past, and the family uses her to cook barbecues
	and to power small electrical appliances.  Maureen Stapleton gives
	a glowing performance.


You just know when a relationship is about to end.  My girlfriend called me
at work and asked me how you change a lightbulb in the bathroom.  "It's very
simple," I said. "You start by filling up the bathtub with water..."


