ALBRECHT'S LAW:
	Social innovations tend to the level
	of minimum tolerable well-being.


I distrust a close-mouthed man.  He generally picks the wrong time to talk
and says the wrong things.  Talking's something you can't do judiciously,
unless you keep in practice.  Now, sir, we'll talk if you like.  I'll tell
you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"


Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
		-- Hector Berlioz


E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)


Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases
great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #14
	According to Kentucky state law, every person must take a bath
at least once a year.


100 buckets of bits on the bus
100 buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FF buckets of bits on the bus

FF buckets of bits on the bus
FF buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FE buckets of bits on the bus

ad infinitum...


Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you
that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?"
is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime
mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
		-- Elizabeth Zwicky


Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.


Things Charles Darwin did not say:

Nah, it's only a theory - I don't think it should be taught in schools.


If you don't count some of Jehovah's injunctions, there are no humorists
in the Bible.
		-- Mordecai Richler


If you can not say it, you can not whistle it, either.
		-- Wittgenstein


One big pile is better than two little piles.
		-- Arlo Guthrie


Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.


When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent


	I disapprove of the F-word, not because it's dirty, but because we
use it as a substitute for thoughtful insults, and it frequently leads to
violence.  What we ought to do, when we anger each other, say, in traffic,
is exchange phone numbers, so that later on, when we've had time to think
of witty and learned insults or look them up in the library, we could call
each other up:
     You: Hello?  Bob?
     Bob: Yes?
     You: This is Ed.  Remember?  The person whose parking space you
	  took last Thursday?  Outside of Sears?
     Bob: Oh yes!  Sure!  How are you, Ed?
     You: Fine, thanks.  Listen, Bob, the reason I'm calling is:
	  "Madam, you may be drunk, but I am ugly, and ..."  No, wait.
	  I mean:  "you may be ugly, but I am Winston Churchill
	  and ..."  No, wait.  (Sound of reference book thudding onto
	  the floor.)  S-word.  Excuse me.  Look, Bob, I'm going to
	  have to get back to you.
     Bob: Fine.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


The sex was nice, but confusing.  The whole situation kept going di-polar
on Sta-Hi.  One instant Misty would seem like a lovely warm girl who'd
survived a terrible injury, like a lost puppy to be stroked, a lonely
woman to be husbanded.  But then he'd start thinking of the wires behind
her eyes, and he'd be screwing a machine, an inanimate object, a public
toilet.  Just like with any other woman for him, really.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


Heard tell that the Iron Magnolia wanted to divorce ol' Jimmy.
Seems he's screwing everyone but her.


The husband was disturbed by his wife's indifferent attitude towards him
and the marriage counselor suggested he try being more aggressive in his
lovemaking.
	"Act more like a romantic lover and less like a bored spouse," he
was advised.  "When you go home, make love to her as soon as you meet --
even if it's right inside the front door."
	At the next consultation, the adviser was pleased to hear that the
husband had followed his instructions.  "And how did she react this time?"
the consultant asked.
	"Well, to tell you the truth," the husband replied, "she was still
sort of indifferent.  But one thing I've got to admit: her bridge club went
absolutely wild!"


Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.


	"Are pirates an ethnic group?  Or are they just people who burn
illegal cds?"
	"Arrrr!  We prefer to be called Buccaneer-Americans."


17th Rule of Friendship:

A friend will refrain from telling you he picked up the same amount
of life insurance coverage you did for half the price when yours is
noncancellable.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


Hear about...
	the doctor that prescribed sex for insomnia?  His patients didn't
	get any more sleep, but they had more fun staying awake.


Because woman's work is never done and is underpaid or unpaid or boring or
repetitious and we're the first to get the sack and what we look like is
more important than what we do and if we get raped it's our fault and if we
get bashed we must have provoked it and if we raise our voices we're nagging
bitches and if we enjoy sex nymphos and if we don't we're frigid and if we
love women it's because we can't get a "real" man and if we ask our doctor
too many questions we're neurotic and/or pushy and if we expect community
care for children we're selfish and if we stand up for our rights we're
aggressive and "unfeminine" and if we don't we're typical weak females and
if we want to get married we're out to trap a man and if we don't we're
unnatural and because we still can't get an adequate safe contraceptive but
men can walk on the moon and if we can't cope or don't want a pregnancy we're
made to feel guilty about abortion and... for lots and lots of other reasons
we are part of the women's liberation movement.


Loneliness is a terrible price to pay for independence.


I am a PC technician - however, this has unfortunately caused my
computer to be running Win98.
		-- seen on a FreeBSD mailing-list


Dear Ms. Postnews:
	I couldn't get mail through to somebody on another site.  What
	should I do?
		-- Eager Beaver

Dear Eager:
	No problem, just post your message to a group that a lot of people
read.  Say, "This is for John Smith.  I couldn't get mail through so I'm
posting it.  All others please ignore."
	This way tens of thousands of people will spend a few seconds scanning
over and ignoring your article, using up over 16 man-hours their collective
time, but you will be saved the terrible trouble of checking through usenet
maps or looking for alternate routes.  Just think, if you couldn't distribute
your message to 9000 other computers, you might actually have to (gasp) call
directory assistance for 60 cents, or even phone the person.  This can cost
as much as a few DOLLARS (!) for a 5 minute call!
	And certainly it's better to spend 10 to 20 dollars of other people's
money distributing the message than for you to have to waste $9 on an overnight
letter, or even 25 cents on a stamp!
	Don't forget.  The world will end if your message doesn't get through,
so post it as many places as you can.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


Mankind's yearning to engage in sports is older than recorded history,
dating back to the time millions of years ago, when the first primitive
man picked up a crude club and a round rock, tossed the rock into the
air, and whomped the club into the sloping forehead of the first
primitive umpire.

What inner force drove this first athlete?  Your guess is as good as
mine.  Better, probably, because you haven't had four beers.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"


It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the
lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as
high as the eagle?


I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
		-- Joe Walsh


Randel, n.:
	A nonsensical poem recited by Irish schoolboys as an apology
for farting at a friend.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


Spring is here, spring is here,
Life is skittles and life is beer.


Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four
essential food groups -- alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.
		-- Alex Levine

[Oh come on, everybody knows that the four basic food groups are
hot sugar, cold sugar, carbohydrates and grease.  Ed.]


An idle mind is worth two in the bush.


HE:	Let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science.
SHE:	What?!?  Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
		-- Walt Kelley


The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're
called.  Cats take a message and get back to you.


When the sun shineth, make hay.
		-- John Heywood


In 1989, the United States, which was displeased with the policies of the
dictator of Panama, invaded that country and placed in power a government
more to its liking.

In 1990, Iraq, which was displeased with the policies of the dictator of
Kuwait, invaded that country and placed in power a government more to its
liking.


The answer to the question of Life, the Universe, and Everything is...

	Four day work week,
	Two ply toilet paper!


SCORPIO (Oct. 23 to Nov. 21)
	Friends abound today, seeking repayment of past loans.  Smile.  Check
	for concealed weapons.  Your natural cheerfulness makes others want
	to throw up.  Knock it off.


Ours is a world where people don't know what they
want and are willing to go through hell to get it.


It is explained that all relationships require a little give and take.  This
is untrue.  Any partnership demands that we give and give and give and at the
last, as we flop into our graves exhausted, we are told that we didn't give
enough.
		-- Quentin Crisp, "How to Become a Virgin"


Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
		-- Charlie McCarthy


It used to be a man's world, and the woman's place was in the home.
They can kiss that shit goodbye.


Hear about...
	the freaky WAC who was court-martialed for contributing to the
	delinquency of a major?


Too many of his [Mozart's] works sound like interoffice memos.
		-- Glenn Gould


Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.


Chinese saying: "He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks."


Woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool.
		-- Cervantes


Il y avait un plombier, Francois,
Qui plombait sa femme dans le Bois.
	Dit-elle, "Arretez!
	J'entends quelqu'un venait."
Dit le plombier, en plombant, "C'est moi."


I'm not sure I've even got the brains to be President.
		-- Barry Goldwater, in 1964


MODESTY:
	Being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.


No, "Eureka" is Greek for "This bath is too hot."
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Tussman's Law:
	Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.


Ouch!  That felt good!
		-- Karen Gordon


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #9

THE PARKING PROBLEM IN PARIS:	Jean-Luc Godard, 1971, 7 hours 18 min.

	Godard's meditation on the topic has been described as
	everything from "timeless" to "endless."  (Remade by Gene
	Wilder as NO PLACE TO PARK.)


Good salesmen and good repairmen will never go hungry.
		-- R. E. Schenk


To err is humor.


Marriage is the process of finding out what
kind of man your wife would have preferred.


If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton


Every solution breeds new problems.


The Commandments of the EE:

5:	Take care that thou useth the proper method when thou takest the
	measures of high-voltage circuits too, that thou dost not incinerate
	both thee and thy test meter, for verily, though thou has no company
	property number and can be easily surveyed, the test meter has
	one and, as a consequence, bringeth much woe unto a purchasing agent.
6:	Take care that thou tamperest not with interlocks and safety devices,
	for this incurreth the wrath of the chief electrician and bring
	the fury of the engineers on his head.
7:	Work thou not on energized equipment for if thou doest so, thy
	friends will surely be buying beers for thy widow and consoling
	her in certain ways not generally acceptable to thee.
8:	Verily, verily I say unto thee, never service equipment alone,
	for electrical cooking is a slow process and thou might sizzle in
	thy own fat upon a hot circuit for hours on end before thy maker
	sees fit to end thy misery and drag thee into his fold.


I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they
could do was to go away.


The Law of the Perversity of Nature:
	You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.


You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.


One girl can be pretty -- but a dozen are only a chorus.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Last Tycoon"


Speaking of love, one problem that recurs more and more frequently these
days, in books and plays and movies, is the inability of people to communicate
with the people they love; Husbands and wives who can't communicate, children
who can't communicate with their parents, and so on.  And the characters in
these books and plays and so on (and in real life, I might add) spend hours
bemoaning the fact that they can't communicate.  I feel that if a person can't
communicate, the very least he can do is to shut up!
		-- Tom Lehrer, "That Was the Year that Was"


Stay away from flying saucers today.


Love America - or give it back.


The rights and interests of the laboring man will be protected and cared
for not by our labor agitators, but by the Christian men to whom God in his
infinite wisdom has given control of property interests of the country, and
upon the successful management of which so much remains.
		-- George F. Baer, railroad industrialist


I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and
to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and
support of the woman I love.
		-- Edward, Duke of Windsor, announcing his abdication
		   of the British throne in order to marry the American
		   divorcee Wallis Warfield Simpson. (1936)


If your mind grows weak,
Don't yield to the weakness.
Even if tired of thought,
Never stop thinking.
My sons and descendants,
Don't get exhausted in reason--
But become experienced.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.
I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
		-- Watchman Examiner


What's so funny?


The two oldest professions in the world have been ruined by amateurs.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Honorable, adj.:
	Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach.  In legislative
	bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as,
	"the honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


1 Billion dollars of budget deficit		= 1 Gramm-Rudman
6.023 x 10 to the 23rd power alligator pears	= Avocado's number
2 pints						= 1 Cavort
Basic unit of Laryngitis			= The Hoarsepower
Shortest distance between two jokes		= A straight line
6 Curses					= 1 Hexahex
3500 Calories					= 1 Food Pound
1 Mole						= 007 Secret Agents
1 Mole						= 25 Cagey Bees
1 Dog Pound					= 16 oz. of Alpo
1000 beers served at a Twins game		= 1 Killibrew
2.4 statute miles of surgical tubing at Yale U. = 1 I.V.League
2000 pounds of Chinese soup			= 1 Won Ton
10 to the minus 6th power mouthwashes		= 1 Microscope
Speed of a tortoise breaking the sound barrier	= 1 Machturtle
8 Catfish					= 1 Octo-puss
365 Days of drinking Lo-Cal beer.		= 1 Lite-year
16.5 feet in the Twilight Zone			= 1 Rod Serling
Force needed to accelerate 2.2lbs of cookies	= 1 Fig-newton
	to 1 meter per second
One half large intestine			= 1 Semicolon
10 to the minus 6th power Movie			= 1 Microfilm
1000 pains					= 1 Megahertz
1 Word						= 1 Millipicture
1 Sagan						= Billions & Billions
1 Angstrom: measure of computer anxiety		= 1000 nail-bytes
10 to the 12th power microphones		= 1 Megaphone
10 to the 6th power Bicycles			= 2 megacycles
The amount of beauty required launch 1 ship	= 1 Millihelen


Drilling for oil is boring.


Today when a man gets married he gets a home, a housekeeper, a cook, a
cheering squad and another paycheck.  When a woman marries, she gets a
boarder.


And let me the canakin clink, clink;
and let me the canakin clink.
	A soldier's a man;
	O, man's life's but a span,
Why then, let a soldier drink.


Congratulations are in order for Tom Reid.

He says he just found out he is the winner of the 2021 Psychic of the
Year award.


Of what you see in books, believe 75%.  Of newspapers, believe 50%.  And of
TV news, believe 25% -- make that 5% if the anchorman wears a blazer.


APL is a write-only language.  I can write programs
in APL, but I can't read any of them.
		-- Roy Keir


Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot


There cannot be a crisis next week.  My schedule is already full.
		-- Henry Kissinger


The road to Hades is easy to travel.
		-- Bion


For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]



Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
		-- James P. Hogan


Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.  Many
people wonder where the word "eggnog" comes from.  The first syllable
comes from the English word "egg", meaning "egg".  I don't know where
the "nog" comes from.

To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine, gin and, if they are in
season, eggs...


Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity.
They seem more afraid of life than death.
		-- James F. Byrnes


You can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.


Tact is the ability to tell a man he has
an open mind when he has a hole in his head.


I would like to say, Mister Bunce,
I'm a great connoisseur of hot cunts.
	And in all my lewd life
	I've met none like your wife,
So why leave her to me, you big dunce?


No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously
cramp his style.


Olivier's Law:
	Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.


I went to a wild party last night.  I tell ya, it was so wild, we played
a new version of Russian roulette.  We passed around six girls and one
of them had V.D.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Finagle's Seventh Law:
	The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.


The three most dangerous things in the world are a programmer with a
soldering iron, a hardware type with a program patch and a user with
an idea.
		-- The Wizardry Compiled by Rick Cook


Hear about...
	the poor Greek fisherman who got his upper torso wedged into
	a porthole and couldn't get out to save his ass?


If you love someone, set them free.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.


Why is Mrs. Carter always on top when she and Jimmy make love?
Because all Jimmy Carter can do is fuck up.


Violence is a sword that has no handle -- you have to hold the blade.


He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
		-- John LeCarre


Warning: Do not look directly into laser with remaining eye.


The hater of property and of government takes care to have his warranty
deed recorded, and the book written against fame and learning has the
author's name on the title page.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy


Short people get rained on last.


Texas A&M football coach Jackie Sherrill went to the office of the Dean
of Academics because he was concerned about his players' mental abilities.
"My players are just too stupid for me to deal with them", he told the
unbelieving dean.  At this point, one of his players happened to enter
the dean's office.  "Let me show you what I mean", said Sherrill, and he
told the player to run over to his office to see if he was in.  "OK, Coach",
the player replied, and was off.  "See what I mean?" Sherrill asked.
"Yeah", replied the dean.  "He could have just picked up this phone and
called you from here."


Anything is possible on paper.
		-- Ron McAfee


Love the sea?  I dote upon it -- from the beach.


Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
		-- Fred Allen


[In the 60's] there was madness in any direction, at any hour ...  You
could strike sparks anywhere.  There was a fantastic universal sense
that whatever we were doing was `right', that we were winning ...

And that, I think, was the handle -- the sense of inevitable victory
over the forces of Old and Evil.  Not in any mean or military sense; we
didn't need that.  Our energy would simply `prevail'.  There was no
point in fighting -- on our side or theirs.  We had all the momentum;
we were riding the crest of a high and beautiful wave ...

So now, less than five years later, you can go up on a steep hill in
Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes you can almost
_s_e_e the high-water mark -- the place where the wave finally broke and
rolled back.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to floss my cat.
	-- I've dedicated my life to linguini.
	-- I need to spend more time with my blender.
	-- It wouldn't be fair to the other Beautiful People.
	-- It's my night to pet the dog/ferret/goldfish/radio.
	-- I'm going downtown to try on some gloves.
	-- I have to check the freshness dates on my dairy products.
	-- I'm due at the bakery to watch the buns rise.
	-- I have an appointment with a cuticle specialist.
	-- I have some really hard words to look up.


There is no delight the equal of dread.
As long as it is somebody else's.
		-- Clive Barker


Unitarians pray "To whom it may concern".


Hear about...
	the farmer who couldn't keep his hands off his wife, so he
	fired them?


 1.  I'm Not Rudolph; That's Not My Nose
 2.  The Nutcracker Swede
 3.  Santa Goes Round-The-World
 4.  Not-So-Tiny Tim
 5.  Ninja Reindeer Killfest '88
 6.  Yes, Yes, Oh God Yes, Virginia
 7.  Crisco Kringle
 8.  Babes in Boyland
 9.  Santa's Magic Lap
10.  Hot Buttered Elves
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten Christmas Movies in Times
		   Square"


There is only one way to console a widow.  But remember the risk.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Stress has been pinpointed as a major cause of illness.  To avoid overload
and burnout, keep stress out of your life.  Give it to others instead.  Learn
the "Gaslight" treatment, the "Are you talking to me?" technique, and the
"Do you feel okay?  You look pale." approach.  Start with negotiation and
implication.  Advance to manipulation and humiliation.  Above all, relax
and have a nice day.


A diplomat is man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
		-- Robert Frost


Hear about...
	the absent-minded exhibitionist who was arrested for exposing
	his whatchamacalit?


There seems no plan because it is all plan.
		-- C. S. Lewis


Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism
in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with
the ignorance of the community.
		-- Oscar Wilde


There is a building with four floors.  On the first floor, there
is a convention of architects.  On the second floor, there is a
vinyl manufacturing plant.  On the third floor there is a fast food
stand, and on the fourth floor there is a library.

Q:	What would happen if a librarian traveled down in a small
	elevator with one other person from each floor?
A:	The elevator would be full.


I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it.
If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it.
It's the truth.
		-- Charlie Chaplin


Gravity is an unforgiving motherfucker.


Advertising is the most fun of anything you can do with your clothes on.
		-- Mary Wells, advertising executive


Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at
different speeds.  A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
		-- Clive James


Sometimes, you just gotta say "What the fuck."
		-- Risky Business


Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.


Interfere?  Of course we should interfere!  Always do what you're
best at, that's what I say.
		-- "Doctor Who"


Prostitution is the only business where you can go into the hole and
still come out ahead.


Row, row, row your bits, gently down the stream...


"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And make errors few people could bear;
You complain about everyone's English but yours --
	Do you really think this is quite fair?"

"I make lots of mistakes," Father William declared,
	"But my stature these days is so great
That no critic can hurt me -- I've got them all scared,
	And to stop me it's now far too late."


/* Haley */

	(Haley's comment.)


The courtroom was pregnant (pun intended) with anxious silence as the
judge solemnly considered his verdict in the paternity suit before him.
Suddenly, he reached into the folds of his robes, drew out a cigar and
ceremoniously handed it to the defendant.
	"Congratulations!" declaimed the jurist.  "You have just become a
father!"


If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.


No small art is it to sleep: it is necessary
for that purpose to keep awake all day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


1.  If it doesn't smell like chili, it probably isn't.
2.  If you catch an exploding manhole cover, you can keep it.
3.  Cabs driving on the sidewalk are not permitted to pick up passengers.
4.  It's bad manners to lie down inside someone else's chalk body outline.
5.  Don't lick food from a stranger's beard.
6.  Avoid paperwork for your next of kin by keeping dental records on you.
7.  Jon Gotti Always has the right of way.
8.  Yelling at cab drivers in English wastes your time and theirs.
9.  Remember:  Regular hot dogs do not have fingernails.
10. The city does not employ so called "Wallet Inspectors".
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten New York City Pedestrian Tips"


In real love you want the other person's good.  In romantic love you
want the other person.
		-- Margaret Anderson


Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political,
petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
		-- Leonard Kleinrock, on standards efforts


The history of warfare is similarly subdivided, although here the phases
are Retribution, Anticipation, and Diplomacy.  Thus:

Retribution:
	I'm going to kill you because you killed my brother.
Anticipation:
	I'm going to kill you because I killed your brother.
Diplomacy:
	I'm going to kill my brother and then kill you on the
	pretext that your brother did it.


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


The woman who lives on the moon
Is still cherishing the balloon
	Of an earthling who'd come
	And given her some,
But had dribbled away all too soon.


A proper wife should be as obedient as a slave... The female is a female
by virtue of a certain lack of qualities -- a natural defectiveness.
		-- Aristotle


Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop


The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one
wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering
if something could have materialized -- and never knowing.
		-- David Viscott


What makes you think graduate school
is supposed to be satisfying?
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"


Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
		-- Quentin Crisp


You pedophiliac sodomizer of ducklings!!


