The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that
carries any reward.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


You are here:
		***
		***
	     *********
	      *******
	       *****
		***
		 *

		 But you're not all there.


Life is like a diaper - short and loaded.


Must I hold a candle to my shames?
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"


Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
something.


I might have gone to West Point, but I was too proud to speak to a
congressman.
		-- Will Rogers


There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.


Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.


Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?


Double Bucky, you're the one,
You make my keyboard so much fun,
Double Bucky, an additional bit or two, (Vo-vo-de-o)
Control and meta, side by side,
Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Oh, I sure wish that I,
Had a couple of bits more!
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.

Double Double Bucky!  Double Bucky left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of,
Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of,
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- to Niklaus Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		   be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		   by screen editors.  [to the tune of "Rubber Ducky"]


Some men are all right in their place -- if they only the knew the right
places!
		-- Mae West


Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.

Corollary:
	Following the rules will not get the job done.


Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen.
Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
		-- Lazarus Long


MESSAGE ACKNOWLEDGED -- The Pershing II missiles have been launched.


Benny Hill:	Would you like a peanut?
Girl:		No, thank you, I don't want to be under obligation.
Benny Hill:	You won't be under obligation for a peanut.
		It's not as if it were a chocolate bar or something.


If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it
is certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
		-- Joseph C. Goulden


We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
And a Sun Myung Moon!
		-- Maxwell Smart


You can be replaced by this computer.


Well, the handwriting is on the floor.
		-- Joe E. Lewis


Religion is fine, Churchianity sucks.


The owner of a large furniture store in the mid-west arrived in France on
a buying trip.  As he was checking into a hotel he struck up an acquaintance
with a beautiful young lady.  However, she only spoke French and he only spoke
English, so each couldn't understand a word the other spoke.  He took out a
pencil and a notebook and drew a picture of a coach.  She smiled, nodded her
head and they went for a ride in the park.  Later, he drew a picture of a
table in a restaurant with a question mark and she nodded, so they went to
dinner.  After dinner he sketched two dancers and she was delighted.  They
went to several nightclubs, drank champagne, danced and had a glorious
evening.  It had gotten quite late when she motioned for the pencil and drew
a picture of a four-poster bed.  He was dumbfounded, and to this day has
never been able to understand how she knew he was in the furniture business.


A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure,
it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've
done and what you're going to do.


Love is in the offing.
		-- The Homicidal Maniac


The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.


African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camellia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiability, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lily:			Purity, sweetness
Lily of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


Clones are people two.


The Least Successful Equal Pay Advertisement
	In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish
Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality
legislation.  The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay
enforcement officer.  The advertisement offered different salary scales for
men and women.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Remember, drive defensively!  And of course, the best defense is a good
offense!


CONFUSION:
	One woman plus one left turn.
EXCITEMENT:
	Two women plus one secret.
BEDLAM:
	Three women plus one bargain.
CHAOS:
	Four women plus one luncheon check.


Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one
likes oneself.
		-- Joan Didion, "On Self Respect"


Don't worry -- the brontosaurus is slow, stupid, and placid.


If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
		-- Jerry Muscha


****  CONVENTION REMINDER

No experiment was approved for the convention by the Human Subjects
Committee of the Psychiatric Convention Planning Team.  If you notice
smoke coming from under a closed door, if you find a body on the hotel
carpet, or if you just meet someone who orders you to press a button
marked "450 volts", react as you would normally.


I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.


Life isn't a bitch.  Life is a virgin.  A bitch is easy.


I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[173.15b]:
	"When competing for a section of road or a parking space, remember
	that the vehicle in need of the most body work has the right-of-way."

[141.2a]:
	"Although it is altogether possible to fit a 6' car into a 6'
	parking space, it is hardly ever possible to fit a 6' car into
	a 5' parking space."

[105.31]:
	"Teenage drivers believe that they are immortal, and drive accordingly.
	Nevertheless, you should avoid the temptation to prove them wrong."


Once upon a time there was a kingdom ruled by a great bear.  The peasants
were not very rich, and one of the few ways to become at all wealthy was
to become a Royal Knight.  This required an interview with the bear.  If
the bear liked you, you were knighted on the spot.  If not, the bear would
just as likely remove your head with one swat of a paw.  However, the family
of these unfortunate would-be knights was compensated with a beautiful
sheepdog from the royal kennels, which was itself a fairly valuable
possession.  And the moral of the story is:

The mourning after a terrible knight, nothing beats the dog of the bear that
hit you.


Because I do,
Because I do not hope,
Because I do not hope to survive
Injustice from the Palace, death from the air,
Because I do, only do,
I continue...
		-- T. S. Pynchon


This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.
We have emotional moving vans.
		-- Bruce Feirstein


If someone had told me I would be Pope
one day, I would have studied harder.
		-- Pope John Paul I


I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.


An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Cerebus:	I'd love to lick apricot brandy out of your navel.
Jaka:		Look, Cerebus -- Jaka has to tell you ... something
Cerebus:	If Cerebus had a navel, would you lick apricot brandy
		out of it?
Jaka:		Ugh!
Cerebus:	You don't like apricot brandy?
		-- Cerebus #6, "The Secret"


Stop searching.  Happiness is right next to you.
Now, if they'd only take a bath...


The camel died quite suddenly on the second day, and Selena fretted
sullenly and, buffing her already impeccable nails -- not for the first
time since the journey began -- pondered snidely if this would dissolve
into a vignette of minor inconveniences like all the other holidays spent
with Basil.
		-- Winning sentence, 1983 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Ignorance is the Mother of Devotion.
		-- Robert Burton


Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets,
The muttering retreats
Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels
And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells:
Streets that follow like a tedious argument
Of insidious intent
To lead you to an overwhelming question...
Oh, do not ask, "What is it?"
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Love song of J. Alfred Prufrock"


	A man was just settling down into his seat for a cross-country
flight when he noticed a beautiful woman sitting next to him, wearing a
large button with the letters "NAA" on it.
	"What's that?" he asked, pointing to her button.
	"Nymphomaniacs Association of America" she replied.
	After a moments thought he said, "Well, if you wouldn't mind my
asking, but I've always wanted to know, who are the best, ummm, `endowed'
men?"
	"Well, it's not what you think.  Native Americans.  They're better
hung than *anybody*."
	"And is it true that the French are the best lovers?"
	"No, Jewish men.  Once you finally get them going they can last
all night.  By the way, my name is Sue.  What's yours?"
	"Running Bear Sheldon."


Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school
make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.


If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word
you say, talk in your sleep.


McDonald's -- Because you're worth it.


Nuclear war would really set back cable.
		-- Ted Turner


Onward through the fog.


There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home.
		-- Ken Olsen (President of Digital Equipment Corporation),
		   Convention of the World Future Society, in Boston, 1977


If built in great numbers, motels will be used for nothing
but illegal purposes.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


Even in the moment of our earliest kiss,
When sighed the straitened bud into the flower,
Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this;
And that I knew, though not the day and hour.
Too season-wise am I, being country-bred,
To tilt at autumn or defy the frost:
Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did,
I say with them, "What's out tonight is lost."
I only hoped, with the mild hope of all
Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree,
A fairer summer and a later fall
Than in these parts a man is apt to see,
And sunny clusters ripened for the wine:
I tell you this across the blackened vine.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay, "Even in the Moment of
		   Our Earliest Kiss", 1931


The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate
knowledge of its ugly side.
		-- James Baldwin


Sex hasn't been the same since women started enjoying it.
		-- Lewis Grizzard


The three questions of greatest concern are -- 1. Is it attractive?
2. Is it amusing?  3. Does it know its place?
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


A businessman was awe-struck by the beautiful redhead at the hotel bar.
Seeing his interest, she quietly informed him that she was a prostitute
and that her price was $500.  He was taken aback by the price, but after
a few minutes of thought he took her up to his room.  She spent a few
minutes in the bathroom and was shocked when she came out to see him
masturbating furiously on the bed.  "What are you doing?", she asked.
	"Baby, for $500, you're not going to get the easy one!"


We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here
depends on a clever but highly unmotivated trick.
		-- Howard Anton, "Elementary Linear Algebra"


Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God.
		-- Lenny Bruce


There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.


Serenity through viciousness.


Duct tape is like the force.  It has a light side,
and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
		-- Carl Zwanzig


	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."


The mind is its own place, and in itself
Can make a Heaven of Hell, a Hell of Heaven.
What matter where, if I be still the same,
And what I should be, all but less than he
Whom thunder hath made greater? here at least
We shall be free; the almighty hath not built
Here for his envy, will not drive us hence;
Here we may reign secure, and, in my choice,
To reign is worth ambition, though in Hell:
Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven.
		-- Satan, Milton's "Paradise Lost", I, 254-263


For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
		-- Paul of Tarsus, (Saint Paul)


You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
		-- William Blake


He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.


We are the people our parents warned us about.


Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- William Shakespeare


Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
		-- P. E. Trudeau


You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.


Your spooning days are over,
	And your pilot light is out;
When what used to be your sex appeal
	Is now your water spout!


Support mental health or I'LL KILL YOU!!!!


It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
		-- Cervantes


Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
		-- Carl Sagan


Those who can, do; those who can't, write.
Those who can't write work for the Bell Labs Record.


Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
		-- Dave Olson


Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.


The only difference in the game of love over the last few
thousand years is that they've changed trumps from clubs to diamonds.
		-- The Indianapolis Star


Meetings are an addictive, highly self indulgent activity that
corporations and other large organizations habitually engage
in only because they cannot actually masturbate.
		-- Dave Barry


Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Graf Zeppelin?
A:	The Graf Zeppelin represented cutting edge technology for its time.


Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
		-- Voltaire


Women, when they are not in love, have all
the cold blood of an experienced attorney.
		-- Honore de Balzac


When it comes to broken marriages most husbands will split the blame --
half his wife's fault, and half her mother's.


The chains of marriage are so heavy that it takes two to carry them, and
sometimes three.
		-- Alexandre Dumas


Just machines to make big decisions,
Programmed by men for compassion and vision,
We'll be clean when their work is done,
We'll be eternally free, yes, eternally young,
What a beautiful world this will be,
What a glorious time to be free.
		-- Donald Fagon, "What A Beautiful World"


When I was in college, there were a lot of four-letter words you couldn't
say in front of girls.  Now you can say them.  But you can't say "girls".


4.2 BSD UNIX #57: Sun Jun 1 23:02:07 EDT 1986

You swing at the Sun.  You miss.  The Sun swings.  He hits you with a
575MB disk!  You read the 575MB disk.  It is written in an alien
tongue and cannot be read by your tired Sun-2 eyes.  You throw the
575MB disk at the Sun.  You hit!  The Sun must repair your eyes.  The
Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your 130MB disk!  He has defeated the
130MB disk!  The Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your Ethernet board!  He
has defeated your Ethernet board!  You read a scroll of "postpone until
Monday at 9 AM".  Everything goes dark...
		-- /etc/motd, cbosgd


Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
		-- Baretta


People who think they know everything
greatly annoy those of us who do.


You don't have to explain something you never said.
		-- Calvin Coolidge


When you and I are far apart
Can sorrow break your tender heart?
I love you darling, yes I do;
Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you;
All you are is a blossoming rose.
Night is here so I must close.
With care read the first word of each line.
You will find a question of mine.
		-- Yours hopefully, The VAX


Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
		-- Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, "The Wizard of Oz"


(null cookie; hope that's ok)


The Preacher, the Politician, the Teacher,
	Were each of them once a kiddie.
A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature.
	Do I want one?  God Forbiddie!
		-- Ogden Nash


Someone will try to honk your nose today.


Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be
liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person shall
be deemed to be a cat.
		-- Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London


Documentation is like sex:  when it is good, it is very,
very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
		-- Dick Brandon


The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.


For example, if \thinmskip = 3mu, this makes \thickmskip = 6mu.  But if
you also want to use \skip12 for horizontal glue, whether in math mode or
not, the amount of skipping will be in points (e.g., 6pt).  The rule is
that glue in math mode varies with the size only when it is an \mskip;
when moving between an mskip and ordinary skip, the conversion factor
1mu=1pt is always used.  The meaning of '\mskip\skip12' and
'\baselineskip=\the\thickmskip' should be clear.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, TeX 82 -- Comparison with TeX80


Actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me.


Concept, n.:
	Any "idea" for which an outside consultant billed you more than
	$25,000.


Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth.
Say, do you have a map to the next joint?


SCCS, the source motel!  Programs check in and never check out!
		-- Ken Thompson


Everybody is given the same amount of hormones, at birth, and
if you want to use yours for growing hair, that's fine with me.


Power is poison.


Fortune's nomination for All-Time Champion and Protector of Youthful Morals
goes to Representative Clare E. Hoffman of Michigan.  During an impassioned
House debate over a proposed bill to "expand oyster and clam research," a
sharp-eared informant transcribed the following exchange between our hero
and Rep. John D. Dingell, also of Michigan.

Dingell: "There are places in the world at the present time where we are
	  having to artificially propagate oysters and clams."
Hoffman: "You mean the oysters I buy are not nature's oysters?"
Dingell: "They may or may not be natural.  The simple fact of the matter is
	  that female oysters through their living habits cast out large
	  amounts of seed and the male oysters cast out large amounts of
	  fertilization."
Hoffman: "Wait a minute!  I do not want to go into that.  There are many
	  teenagers who read The Congressional Record."


Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.


A certain old cat had made his home in the alley behind Gabe's bar for some
time, subsisting on scraps and occasional handouts from the bartender.  One
evening, emboldened by hunger, the feline attempted to follow Gabe through
the back door.  Regrettably, only the his body had made it through when
the door slammed shut, severing the cat's tail at its base.  This proved too
much for the old creature, who looked sadly at Gabe and expired on the spot.
	Gabe put the carcass back out in the alley and went back to business.
The mandatory closing time arrived and Gabe was in the process of locking up
after the last customers had gone.  Approaching the back door he was startled
to see an apparition of the old cat mournfully holding its severed tail out,
silently pleading for Gabe to put the tail back on its corpse so that it could
go on to the kitty afterworld complete.
	Gabe shook his head sadly and said to the ghost, "I can't.  You know
the law -- no retailing spirits after 2:00 AM."


It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.


The justifications for drug testing are part of the presently fashionable
debate concerning restoring America's "competitiveness." Drugs, it has been
revealed, are responsible for rampant absenteeism, reduced output, and poor
quality work.  But is drug testing in fact rationally related to the
resurrection of competitiveness?  Will charging the atmosphere of the
workplace with the fear of excretory betrayal honestly spur productivity?
Much noise has been made about rehabilitating the worker using drugs, but
to date the vast majority of programs end with the simple firing or the not
hiring of the abuser.  This practice may exacerbate, not alleviate, the
nation's productivity problem.  If economic rehabilitation is the ultimate
goal of drug testing, then criteria abandoning the rehabilitation of the
drug-using worker is the purest of hypocrisy and the worst of rationalization.
		-- The concluding paragraph of "Constitutional Law: The
		   Fourth Amendment and Drug Testing in the Workplace,"
		   Tim Moore, Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy, vol.
		   10, No. 3 (Summer 1987), pp. 762-768.


I get my exercise acting as pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
		-- Chauncey Depew


You can beat my meat, but you can't lick my sauce!
		-- Boss' Ribs, Portland, Oregon


The Messiah will come.  There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all
the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
		-- Rabbi Meir Kahane


Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.


It's a damn poor mind that can only think of one way to spell a word.
		-- Andrew Jackson


Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.


A life spent in search of the perfect hash brownie is a life well spent.


Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the
usual way.  This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody
thinks of complaining.
		-- Jeff Raskin, interviewed in Doctor Dobb's Journal


The Israelites were all waiting anxiously at the foot of the mountain,
knowing that Moses had had a tough day negotiating with God over the
Commandments.  Finally a tired Moses came into sight.
	"I've got some good news and some bad news, folks," he said.  "The
good news is that I got Him down to ten.  The bad news is that adultery's
still in."


Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- William Shakespeare


Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall!
All the king's horses,
And all the king's men,
Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again!


Bridget O'Flaherty McHugh
Held venal traffic with a gnu.
Mistaking fore for aft one morn
Impaled herself upon its horn.

Moral:	Those who seek high ends should shun
	our furred and feathered friends.


You can learn many things from children.  How much patience you have,
for instance.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


You can't take damsel here now.


