Spouse, n.:
	Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you
	wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.


If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.


To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go
above fifty-eight degrees.  If you collapse on a street in New York, plan
to spend a few days there.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


When one knows women one pities men,
but when one studies men, one excuses women.
		-- Horne Tooke


If it ain't broke, don't fix it.


I don't wanna argue, and I don't wanna fight,
But there will definitely be a party tonight...


	A man met a beautiful young woman in a bar.  They got along well,
shared dinner, and had a marvelous evening.  When he left her, he told her
that he had really enjoyed their time together, and hoped to see her again,
soon.  Smiling yes, she gave him her phone number.
	The next day, he called her up and asked her to go dancing.  She
agreed.  As they talked, he jokingly asked her what her favorite flower was.
Realizing his intentions, she told him that he shouldn't bring her flowers
-- if he wanted to bring her a gift, well, he should bring her a Swiss Army
knife!
	Surprised, and not a little intrigued, he spent a large part of the
afternoon finding a particularly unusual one.  Arriving at her apartment
he immediately presented her with the knife.  She ooohed and ahhhed over it
for a minute, and then carefully placed it in a drawer, that the man couldn't
help but see was full of Swiss Army knives.
	Surprised, he asked her why she had collected so many.
	"Well, I'm young and attractive now", blushed the woman, "but that
won't always be true.  And boy scouts will do anything for a Swiss Army knife!"


QOTD:
	"I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital.  On the
other hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out."


QOTD:
	"Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there,
	I go to work."


Old mercenaries never die.  They go to hell and regroup.


	It was the next morning that the armies of Twodor marched east
laden with long lances, sharp swords, and death-dealing hangovers.  The
thousands were led by Arrowroot, who sat limply in his sidesaddle,
nursing a whopper.  Goodgulf, Gimlet, and the rest rode by him, praying
for their fate to be quick, painless, and if possible, someone else's.
	Many an hour the armies forged ahead, the war-merinos bleating
under their heavy burdens and the soldiers bleating under their melting
icepacks.
		-- The Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage -- he won't
encounter many rivals.
		-- Georg Lichtenberg, "Aphorisms"


Love your enemies:  they'll go crazy
trying to figure out what you're up to.


As Rev. Spooner would say, you are a shining wit.


A woman's a woman until the day she dies, but a man's only a man as long
as he can.
		-- Moms Mabley


While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's
still very reassuring to know that it's still there.


Heisenberg may have done it.


Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that
each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his
choice.

In the old days, it was not called the Holiday Season; the Christians
called it "Christmas" and went to church; the Jews called it "Hanukkah"
and went to synagogue; the atheists went to parties and drank.  People
passing each other on the street would say "Merry Christmas!" or "Happy
Hanukkah!" or (to the atheists) "Look out for the wall!"
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Since we cannot hope for order, let us withdraw with style from the chaos.
		-- Tom Stoppard


Q:	Where can you buy black lace crotchless panties for sheep?
A:	Fredrick's of Ithaca, New York.


Microwave oven?  Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven?  I've been
watching Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks.


Our problems are so serious that the best
way to talk about them is lightheartedly.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18 -- FIFTH

	FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types
refer to quantity.  The data types range from CC, OUNCE, SHOT, and JIGGER to
FIFTH (hence the name of the language), LITER, MAGNUM and BLOTTO.  Commands
refer to ingredients such as CHABLIS, CHARDONNAY, CABERNET, GIN, VERMOUTH,
VODKA, SCOTCH, BOURBON, and WHATEVERSAROUND.
	The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and
financial status of its users.  Commands in the ELITE dialect include VSOP and
LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH, THUNDERBIRD,
RIPPLE and HOUSERED.  The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers
who end up using this language.


Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kind of neat.
		-- John Lehman, Secretary of the Navy, 1981-1987


Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature,
An endothermic quadruped, carnivorous by nature.
Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses
Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses.
I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations,
A singular development of cat communications
That obviates your basic hedonistic predilection
For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents:
You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance;
And when not being utilized to aid in locomotion,
It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion.
Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display
Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array.
And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend,
I nonetheless consider you a true and valued friend.
		-- Lt. Cmdr. Data, "An Ode to Spot"


The three questions of greatest concern are -- 1. Is it attractive?
2. Is it amusing?  3. Does it know its place?
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


	A group of soldiers being prepared for a practice landing on a tropical
island were warned of the one danger the island held, a poisonous snake that
could be readily identified by its alternating orange and black bands.  They
were instructed, should they find one of these snakes, to grab the tail end of
the snake with one hand and slide the other hand up the body of the snake to
the snake's head.  Then, forcefully, bend the thumb above the snake's head
downward to break the snake's spine.  All went well for the landing, the
charge up the beach, and the move into the jungle.  At one foxhole site, two
men were starting to dig and wondering what had happened to their partner.
Suddenly he staggered out of the underbrush, uniform in shreds, covered with
blood.  He collapsed to the ground.  His buddies were so shocked they could
only blurt out, "What happened?"
	"I ran from the beachhead to the edge of the jungle, and, as I hit the
ground, I saw an orange and black striped snake right in front of me.  I
grabbed its tail end with my left hand.  I placed my right hand above my left
hand.  I held firmly with my left hand and slid my right hand up the body of
the snake.  When I reached the head of the snake I flicked my right thumb down
to break the snake's spine... did you ever goose a tiger?"


Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.


There is no ox so dumb as the orthodox.
		-- George Francis Gillette


It is against the law for a monster to enter the corporate limits of
Urbana, Illinois.


Whenever someone tells you to take their advice,
you can be pretty sure that they're not using it.


When a girl marries she exchanges the attentions of many men for the
inattentions of one.
		-- Helen Rowland


Reichel's Law:
	A body on vacation tends to remain on vacation unless acted upon by
	an outside force.


We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little,
that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.


	The young male race horse came from a long line of winners, and did
wonderfully in time trials.  However, in actual races he proved a little too
romantic, and could never quite bring himself to pass a mare.
	So one day the trainer went to him and told him he'd have to be
castrated.  The young horse, knowing that it was either this or the glue
factory, took it philosophically.  After all, having the operation was
almost a certain guarantee of a long and illustrious racing career.
	After a short recovery period, the horse was again run in time
trials, and found to do as well as ever.  But the first time he actually
ran in a race, he only went about ten paces, before getting a dejected look
on his face, turning around, and ambling back to the starting gates.
	"What's the matter?" asked the trainer, "you were doing great!"
	"Yeah, well how would you feel" replied the horse, "if five thousand
people took one look at you and shouted `they're off!'?"


He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"


I must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts!


There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals
in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so
people who find nothing odd about it.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Like, if I'm not for me, then fer shure, like who will be?  And if, y'know,
if I'm not like fer anyone else, then hey, I mean, what am I?  And if not
now, like I dunno, maybe like when?  And if not Who, then I dunno, maybe
like the Rolling Stones?
		-- Rich Rosen (Rabbi Valiel's paraphrase of famous quote
		   attributed to Rabbi Hillel.)


There's nothing wrong with America that a good erection wouldn't cure.
		-- David Mairowitz


Q:	What's meaner than a pit bull with AIDS?
A:	The guy that gave it to him.


I have never been one to sacrifice
my appetite on the altar of appearance.
		-- A. M. Readyhough


Q:	How many college football players does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Only one, but he gets three credits for it.


Q:	What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole?
A:	A thirty foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone!


Etiquette is for those with no breeding;
fashion for those with no taste.


Why are we importing all these highbrow plays like "Amadeus?"  I could
have told you Mozart was a jerk for nothing.
		-- Ian Shoales


It has long been known that one horse can run faster
than another -- but which one?  Differences are crucial.
		-- Lazarus Long


Lee's Law:
	Mother said there would be days like this,
	but she never said that there'd be so many!


Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


Safety Third.


Yield to Temptation ... it may not pass your way again.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


I would rather be a serf in a poor man's house
and be above ground than reign among the dead.
		-- Achilles, "The Odyssey", XI, 489-91


Dozens of bears are found dead in Alaska and Canada every summer, killed
by blood lost to the voracious mosquito.  The estimated life-expectancy
of a naked man on the tundra in summer is about 15 minutes.  In that
time, approximately 250,000 mosquitoes would have drawn enough blood to
kill him.
		-- Gus McLeavy, "Day-by-Day Trivia Almanac"


Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine


Marvin the Nature Lover spied a grasshopper hopping along in the grass,
and in a mood for communing with nature, rare even among full-fledged
Nature Lovers, he spoke to the grasshopper, saying: "Hello, friend
grasshopper.  Did you know they've named a drink after you?"
	"Really?" replied the grasshopper, obviously pleased.  "They've
named a drink Fred?"


To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
		-- Shelley


My girlfriend and I sure had a good time at the beach last summer.  First
she'd bury me in the sand, then I'd bury her.  This summer I'm going to go
back and dig her up.


To teach is to learn twice.
		-- Joseph Joubert


The Junior God now heads the roll
In the list of heaven's peers;
He sits in the House of High Control,
And he regulates the spheres.
Yet does he wonder, do you suppose,
If, even in gods divine,
The best and wisest may not be those
Who have wallowed awhile with the swine?
		-- R. W. Service


For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to
get themselves filed.
		-- Clifton Fadiman


Parkinson's Fourth Law:
	The number of people in any working group tends to increase
	regardless of the amount of work to be done.


There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who
comes to visit.


ALL NEW:
	Parts not interchangeable with previous model.


Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.


Hear about...
	the guru who refused Novocaine while having a tooth pulled because
	he wanted to transcend dental medication?


God created woman.
And boredom did indeed cease from that moment --
but many other things ceased as well.
Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.


I:
	The best way to make a silk purse from a sow's ear is to begin
	with a silk sow.  The same is true of money.
II:
	If today were half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would
	probably be twice as good as yesterday was.
III:
	There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
IV:
	If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
V:
	One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output.
	Increasing the number of participants merely reduces the average
	output.
		-- Norman Augustine


Success is a journey, not a destination.


In the stands here I see a young couple who must be in love -- they're
kissing on every pitch.  He's kissing her on the strikes, and she's
kissing him on the balls.
		-- Harry Caray, a Chicago sportscaster


A dead man cannot bite.
		-- Gnaeus Pompeius (Pompey)


17th Rule of Friendship:

A friend will refrain from telling you he picked up the same amount
of life insurance coverage you did for half the price when yours is
noncancellable.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage.
		-- Ryan


Pardon me while I laugh.


Three gay guys were discussing what they thought their favorite sport would
be.  The first decides on football, 'cause of all those gorgeous guys bending
over in their tight pants.
	"Definitely wrestling," sighs the second guy.  "Those skimpy little
costumes, and think of the holds."
	"Definitely baseball," says the third guy.  "Why?  Well, I'd be
pitching with the bases loaded, the batter would hit a savage one-hopper
right to me, I'd catch it, and I'd just stand there while the other guys
rounded the bases.  Meanwhile, the crowd would be going crazy, screaming,
`Throw the ball, you cocksucker!' and that's what I like -- recognition!"


As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.


A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
		-- Paul Valery


It is not enough to have great qualities,
we should also have the management of them.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


For a house-to-house salesman named Moore,
Getting housewives' attention's no chore:
	He's endowed with a dong
	That is 12 inches long,
So he wedges his foot in the door.


Barker's Proof:
	Proofreading is more effective after publication.


Did Detroit invent the back seat to destroy the morals of America?
		-- Ed Sanders


Life's too short to dance with ugly women.


Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore
would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
		-- John Barrymore's dying words


What is love but a second-hand emotion?
		-- Tina Turner


You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.


Asked by reporters about his upcoming marriage to a forty-two-year-old
woman, director Roman Polanski told reporters, "The way I look at it,
she's the equivalent of three fourteen-year-olds."
		-- David Letterman


If a thing's worth having, it's worth cheating for.
		-- W. C. Fields


Once you come out as a Pagan bisexual married leatherdyke,
the rest of life is that much easier.


CONSULTANT:
	Someone who'd rather climb a tree and tell a
	lie than stand on the ground and tell the truth.


Bug, n.:
	A son of a glitch.


Stay away from flying saucers today.


Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.


Egotism is the anesthetic which numbs the pain of stupidity.


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

CANCER (Jun 22 - July 22)
	You've been awarded a clean bill of health this month and you feel
you owe it all to the excessive amount of Vitamin B, Iron, and Malt you get
in your beer.  Being healthy is admirable but don't you think you're going
to feel stupid one day lying in a hospital dying of nothing?

LEO (July 23 - August 22)
	You will soon acquire a large sum of money and will be in seventh
heaven as you head to the nearest Liquor Barn and buy all the beer they have
in stock.  Whoever said money couldn't buy happiness didn't know where to
shop.

VIRGO (August 23 - September 22)
	Your late night, beer drinking, "life in the fast lane" parties are
affecting your job production the next morning.  You feel a nine to five job
is not for a "party animal" such as yourself and may feel the need for a
career change.  Just remember, people who work sitting down get paid more
than people who work standing up.


Will Rogers never met you.


Goldfish:  Two naked people tied and put on a mattress together to make love
"fish fashion" (ie: no hands).  Originally a nineteenth-century bordel joke.
It can be done (if you are the victims, try on your sides from behind).
Venerable party game, but don't play it with strangers, or leave players
unsupervised, even briefly.  There was a nice spoof on this sex stunt in
the movie "Soldier Blue".  A good many women can get an orgasm from this
simply by struggling, especially if you put them in front of a mirror.
Don't both tie yourselves, even if you can manage it -- you might not be
able to get loose.
		-- The Joy of Sex


Have you ever met a man of good character where women are concerned?

Well, I haven't.  I find that whenever a woman becomes friends with me,
she becomes jealous, exacting, suspicious, and a damn nuisance; and
whenever I become friends with a woman, I become selfish and tyrannical.
So here I am, Pickering, a confirmed old bachelor and very likely to
remain so.
		-- Henry Higgins, "My Fair Lady"


Hear about...
	the truck driver who pulled out to avoid a child and fell
	off the sofa?


I believe that professional wrestling is clean
and everything else in the world is fixed.
		-- Frank Deford, sports writer


Now it's time to say goodbye
To all our company...
M-I-C	(see you next week!)
K-E-Y	(Why?  Because we LIKE you!)
M-O-U-S-E.


There is no cure for birth and death other than to enjoy the interval.
		-- George Santayana


A liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake at the moment.
		-- Willis Player


Hail to the sun god
He's such a fun god
Ra! Ra! Ra!


On the night before her family moved from Kansas to California, the little
girl knelt by her bed to say her prayers.  "God bless Mommy and Daddy and
Keith and Kim," she said.  As she began to get up, she quickly added, "Oh,
and God, this is goodbye.  We're moving to Hollywood."


A life lived in fear is a life half lived.


The two things that can get you into trouble
quicker than anything else are fast women and slow horses.


The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.


Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.


In Ohio, if you ignore an orator on Decoration day to such an extent as
to publicly play croquet or pitch horseshoes within one mile of the
speaker's stand, you can be fined $25.00.


Revenge is a form of nostalgia.


I married beneath me.  All women do.
		-- Lady Nancy Astor


Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather
a new wearer of clothes.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


The good time is approaching,
The season is at hand.
When the merry click of the two-base lick
Will be heard throughout the land.
The frost still lingers on the earth, and
Budless are the trees.
But the merry ring of the voice of spring
Is borne upon the breeze.
		-- Ode to Opening Day, "The Sporting News", 1886


