Just to have it is enough.


Silence can be the biggest lie of all.  We have a responsibility to speak
up; and whenever the occasion calls for it, we have a responsibility to
raise bloody hell.
		-- Herbert Block


Once there was a little nerd who loved to read your mail,
And then yank back the i-access times to get hackers off his tail,
And once as he finished reading from the secretary's spool,
He wrote a rude rejection to her boyfriend (how uncool!)
And this as delivermail did work and he ran his backfstat,
He heard an awful crackling like rat fritters in hot fat,
And hard errors brought the system down 'fore he could even shout!
	And the bio bug'll bring yours down too, ef you don't watch out!
And once they was a little flake who'd prowl through the uulog,
And when he went to his blit that night to play at being god,
The ops all heard him holler, and they to the console dashed,
But when they did a ps -ut they found the system crashed!
Oh, the wizards adb'd the dumps and did the system trace,
And worked on the file system 'til the disk head was hot paste,
But all they ever found was this:  "panic: never doubt",
	And the bio bug'll crash your box too, ef you don't watch out!
When the day is done and the moon comes out,
And you hear the printer whining and the rk's seems to count,
When the other desks are empty and their terminals glassy grey,
And the load is only 1.6 and you wonder if it'll stay,
You must mind the file protections and not snoop around,
	Or the bio bug'll getcha and bring the system down!


I used to be such a sweet sweet thing, 'til they got a hold of me,
I opened doors for little old ladies, I helped the blind to see,
I got no friends 'cause they read the papers, they can't be seen,
With me, and I'm feelin' real shot down,
And I'm, uh, feelin' mean,
	No more, Mr. Nice Guy,
	No more, Mr. Clean,
	No more, Mr. Nice Guy,
They say "He's sick, he's obscene".

My dog bit me on the leg today, my cat clawed my eyes,
Ma's been thrown out of the social circle, and Dad has to hide,
I went to church, incognito, when everybody rose,
The reverend Smithy, he recognized me,
And punched me in the nose, he said,
(chorus)
He said "You're sick, you're obscene".
		-- Alice Cooper, "No More Mr. Nice Guy"


Q:	What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
A:	Dating a Canadian.


Fucking is a filthy deed. -- I like it.
It satisfies a normal need. -- I like it.
	It makes you sick, it makes you well,
	It turns your spine to fucking jell,
It damns your soul to Eternal Hell! -- I like it.


Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all
Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
		-- John Keats


On a clear day, U.C.L.A.


Save the whales.  Collect the whole set.


FORTUNE'S FAVORITE RECIPES: #8
	Christmas Rum Cake

1 or 2 quarts rum		1 tbsp. baking powder
1 cup butter			1 tsp. soda
1 tsp. sugar			1 tbsp. lemon juice
2 large eggs			2 cups brown sugar
2 cups dried assorted fruit	3 cups chopped English walnuts

Before you start, sample the rum to check for quality.  Good, isn't it?  Now
select a large mixing bowl, measuring cup, etc.  Check the rum again.  It
must be just right.  Be sure the rum is of the highest quality.  Pour one cup
of rum into a glass and drink it as fast as you can.  Repeat. With an electric
mixer, beat one cup butter in a large fluffy bowl.  Add 1 seaspoon of tugar
and beat again.  Meanwhile, make sure the rum teh absolutely highest quality.
Sample another cup.  Open second quart as necessary.  Add 2 orge laggs, 2 cups
of fried druit and beat untill high.  If the fried druit gets stuck in the
beaters, just pry it loose with a screwdriver.  Sample the rum again, checking
for toncisticity.  Next sift 3 cups of baking powder, a pinch of rum, a
seaspoon of toda and a cup of pepper or salt (it really doesn't matter).
Sample some more.  Sift 912 pint of lemon juice.  Fold in schopped butter and
strained chups.  Add bablespoon of brown gugar, or whatever color you have.
Mix mell.  Grease oven and turn cake pan to 350 gredees and rake until
poothtick comes out crean.


Hey baby!
	How 'bout a brutal face fuck?


TODAY:
	A nice place to visit, but you can't stay here for long.


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?


What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.


There are running jobs.
Why don't you go chase them?


HOLY MACRO!


... "fire" does not matter, "earth" and "air" and "water" do not matter.
"I" do not matter.  No word matters.  But man forgets reality and remembers
words.  The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him.
He looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see
them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time.
Their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he
knows them in the naming.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"


Taken from actual police car videos:

(15) Relax!  The handcuffs are tight because they're new.  They'll
     stretch out after you wear them awhile.
(14) Take your hands off the car and I'll make your birth certificate
     a worthless document.
(13) If you run you'll only go to jail tired.
(12) Can you run faster than 1200 feet per second?  In case you didn't
     know that's the average speed of a 9 mm bullet fired from my gun.
(11) So you don't know how fast you were going.  I guess that means I
     can write anything I want on the ticket, huh?
(10) Yes, sir, you can talk to the shift supervisor, but I don't think
     it will help.  Oh, did I mention that I AM the shift supervisor?
(9)  Warning? You want a warning?  OK, I'm warning you not to do that
     again or I'll give you another ticket.
(8)  The answer to this last question will determine whether you are
     drunk or not.  Is Mickey Mouse a cat or a dog?


You are going to have a new love affair.


Adult, n.:
	One old enough to know better.


Critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was
supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which
actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wet Zorro Suit and Other Turning
		   Points in l'Amour"


	People who write position papers often find themselves in an
enviable position.  They are hired to write papers for both sides of the
position.
	A good position paper will have many words in it like
"superincumbence," "egress," and "plurification."
	You will not often find the phrase "lightweight dropcase
limp-wristed motherfucker" in a serious position paper.
	Charts and multiplication tables should always be included in
position papers.  They should look complicated enough to make Albert
Einstein stagger across the room for a Tylenol.
	A good position paper will never underestimate the value of a
semicolon.
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Baja Oklahoma"


Rule of Creative Research:
	1) Never draw what you can copy.
	2) Never copy what you can trace.
	3) Never trace what you can cut out and paste down.


Hear about...
	the girl who called her boyfriend Amaretto, 'cause he was
	such a sweet liquor?


I didn't do it! Nobody saw me do it! Can't prove anything!
		-- Bart Simpson


	"Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention?"
	"To the curious incident of the dog in the night-time."
	"The dog did nothing in the night-time."
	"That was the curious incident," remarked Sherlock Holmes.


Shaw's Principle:
	Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will
	want to use it.


If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?


For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say
"Canada".  Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
		-- Sandra Gotlieb, wife of the Canadian ambassador to the U.S.


A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.


Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than
each other.
		-- Ann Landers


I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
		-- John D. Rockefeller


I never saw a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But I can tell you anyhow
I'd rather see than be one.
		-- Gellett Burgess

I've never seen a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But from the milk we're getting now
There certainly must be one
		-- Ogden Nash

Ah, yes, I wrote "The Purple Cow"
I'm sorry now I wrote it
But I can tell you anyhow
I'll kill you if you quote it.
		-- Gellett Burgess, many years later


Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
		-- Anonymous


Make a wish, it might come true.


A vasectomy means never having to say you're sorry.


A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen
objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer
scientists.  Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration
needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three dimensional objects.


Anything anybody can say about America is true.
		-- Emmett Grogan


If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?


What do you have when you have six lawyers buried up to their necks in sand?
Not enough sand.


A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.


You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!


In the beginning was the word.
But by the time the second word was added to it,
there was trouble.
For with it came syntax ...
		-- John Simon


No skis take rocks like rental skis!


Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark.
Professionals built the Titanic.


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


A woman's a woman until the day she dies, but a man's only a man as long
as he can.
		-- Moms Mabley


Not everyone has a one-track mind.
		-- From a Bisexuality 101 talk


We are experiencing system trouble -- do not adjust your terminal.


No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
		-- Quintus Ennius


Love is eating her even when she's not having her period.


Hangover, n.:
	The burden of proof.


OK, so you're a Ph.D.  Just don't touch anything.


He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
		-- Ring Lardner


If everything on the road of life seems to
be coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.


How come everyone's going so slow if it's called rush hour?


Religion is a crutch, but that's okay... humanity is a cripple.


Mathematician, n.:
	Some one who believes imaginary things appear right before your i's.


You are capable of planning your future.


	Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode
into the saloon.  As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man
galloped through town screaming, "Big Mike's comin'!  Run fer yer lives!"
	Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.  An enormous man, standing over
eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a
rattlesnake for a whip.  Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over
the bar, the giant thundered, "Gimme a drink!"
	The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man
guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.  He then stood aghast as
the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and
smacked his lips with relish.
	"Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?" the drifter stammered.
	"Naw, I gotta git outta here, boy," the man grunted.  "Big Mike's
a-comin'."


"Art" is the ability to separate the significant from the insignificant.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
		-- Anatole France


There's so much plastic in this culture that
vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
		-- Lily Tomlin


You are not dead yet.
But watch for further reports.


The NY Times is read by the people who run the country.  The Washington Post
is read by the people who think they run the country.  The National Enquirer
is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country.
		-- Robert Woodhead


He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
		-- Mark Twain


Bore, n.:
	A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I dread success.  To have succeeded is to have finished one's business
on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment
he has succeeded in his courtship.  I like a state of continual
becoming, with a goal in front and not behind.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Laughing at you is like drop kicking a wounded humming bird.


Watson's Law:
	The reliability of machinery is inversely proportional to the
	number and significance of any persons watching it.


The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Reflections on the Art of Life"


Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't,
and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3

MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET:
	Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and
	tries to make it big on Broadway.  Santa sings and dances his way
	into your heart.


Did you hear about young Henry Lockett?
He was blown down the street by a rocket.
	The force of the blast
	Blew his balls up his ass,
And his pecker was found in his pocket.


Cold, adj.:
	When your dog sticks to the fire hydrant.


A gossip is one who talks to you about others, a bore is one who talks to
you about himself; and a brilliant conversationalist is one who talks to
you about yourself.
		-- Lisa Kirk


There is no sin but ignorance.
		-- Christopher Marlowe


Ambition, n.:
	An overmastering desire to be vilified by enemies while
	living and made ridiculous by friends when dead.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


There are three reasons for becoming a writer: the first is that you need
the money; the second that you have something to say that you think the
world should know; the third is that you can't think what to do with the
long winter evenings.
		-- Quentin Crisp


The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain


I like myself, but I won't say I'm as handsome as the bull
that kidnaped Europa.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


Have you seen the latest Japanese camera?  Apparently it is so fast it can
photograph an American with his mouth shut!


I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.


The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


	The devout Jew was beside himself because his son had been dating
a shiksa, so he went to visit his rabbi.  The rabbi listened solemnly to
his problem, took his hand, and said, "Pray to God."
	So the Jew went to the synagogue, bowed his head, and prayed, "God,
please help me.  My son, my favorite son, he's going to marry a shiksa, he
sees nothing but goyim..."
	"Your son," boomed down this voice from the heavens, "you think
you got problems.  What about my son?"


No one has a higher opinion of him than he has.
		-- Greg Lehey, FreeBSDcon 1999


The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday
they might force their beliefs on us.
		-- Mario Cuomo


Computer programmers do it byte by byte.


I consider the day misspent that I am not
either charged with a crime, or arrested for one.
		-- "Ratsy" Tourbillon


Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?  Is it something I said?
		-- Tom Ryan


Cigarette, n.:
	A fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a bit of tobacco in
	between.


Reunite Gondwanaland!


The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do
what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with
them while they do it.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


Marriage is like a bank account.  You put it in, you take it out,
you lose interest.
		-- Professor Irwin Corey


Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.


At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find
at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.


When the speaker and he to whom he is speaking do not understand, that is
metaphysics.
		-- Voltaire


I saw what you did and I know who you are.


Stanford women are responsible for the success of many Stanford men:
they give them "just one more reason" to stay in and study every night.


NEVER swerve to hit a lawyer riding a bicycle -- it might be your bicycle.


But soft you, the fair Ophelia:
Ope not thy ponderous and marble jaws,
But get thee to a nunnery -- go!
		-- Mark "The Bard" Twain


The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"


Look!  Before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past.


World War III is about to break out, but hidden somewhere in Switzerland,
a small group of international statesmen are trying to avert disaster.
The key members of this group are the representatives from Moscow, Bonn, and
Jerusalem, who, despite their personal enmity, manage to forge a peaceful
settlement, at the last moment.  As the treaty is signed, and the war
postponed, almost entirely through the efforts of those three men, an angel
appears. "The earth is saved through the efforts of these three men!
Therefore, I will grant each of them their heart's desire!"
	So, the angel asks the German for his wish, and the German, recalling
the nearness of their disaster, and perceiving the cause to have been the
Russians, immediately says "I wish there were no more Russians!"  And God
said, "It will be done."
	The angel asks the Russian for his wish, which, of course, is "*I*
wish there were no more Germans!"  Replies the angel, "It will be done."
	So the angel asks the Jew for his wish.  The Jew is in a state of
shock. "Will you really grant the German's wish?" he asks, and the angel
avers.  "And the Russian's, too?"  The angel avers yet again.  Then the Jew
thinks a moment, leans back and says, "In that case, I think I'd like a small
cup of coffee."


SAGITTARIUS (Nov 22 - Dec 21)
	You are optimistic and enthusiastic.  You have a reckless
	tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent.  The majority
	of Sagittarians are drunks or dope fiends or both.  People
	laugh at you a great deal.


He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.


He thought of Musashi, the Sword Saint, standing in his garden more than
three hundred years ago. "What is the 'Body of a rock'?" he was asked.
In answer, Musashi summoned a pupil of his and bid him kill himself by
slashing his abdomen with a knife.  Just as the pupil was about to comply,
the Master stayed his hand, saying, "That is the 'Body of a rock'."
		-- Eric Van Lustbader


It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.


Q:	Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and
	New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
A:	God gave New Jersey first choice.


Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?


A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and
ask for it back the when it begins to rain.
		-- Robert Frost


The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.


The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Paul Erlich


You have no real enemies.


The honest female orgasm is three to fifteen rhythmic contractions of the
outer third of the vagina at .8 second intervals, which is approximately
the beat of "Surfing Safari" by the Beach Boys.  Unless these contractions
occur, you can regard her groaning, moaning, clawing, kicking, begging for
mercy, and shouting filthy religious epithets as bargain-basement histrionics.
		-- John Hughes, National Lampoon


You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
		-- Joe Valachi


It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
		-- Alfred Adler


I tell ya, I knew my morning wasn't going right.   When I put on my shirt
the button fell off, when I picked up my briefcase, the handle fell off,
I tell ya, I was afraid to go to the bathroom.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.


Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception.
		-- The Mayor of Tucson, Arizona, 1989


	"How'd you get that flat?"
	"Ran over a bottle."
	"Didn't you see it?"
	"Damn kid had it under his coat."


Joshu:	What is the true Way?
Nansen:	Every way is the true Way.
J:	Can I study it?
N:	The more you study, the further from the Way.
J:	If I don't study it, how can I know it?
N:	The Way does not belong to things seen: nor to things unseen.
	It does not belong to things known: nor to things unknown.  Do
	not seek it, study it, or name it.  To find yourself on it, open
	yourself as wide as the sky.


A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton


XLI:
	The more one produces, the less one gets.
XLII:
	Simple systems are not feasible because they require infinite testing.
XLIII:
	Hardware works best when it matters the least.
XLIV:
	Aircraft flight in the 21st century will always be in a westerly
	direction, preferably supersonic, crossing time zones to provide the
	additional hours needed to fix the broken electronics.
XLV:
	One should expect that the expected can be prevented, but the
	unexpected should have been expected.
XLVI:
	A billion saved is a billion earned.
		-- Norman Augustine


Girls really do know just what they want -- you to figure it out for
yourself!


I got the bill for my surgery.  Now I know what those doctors were
wearing masks for.
		-- James Boren


When you find yourself in danger,
When you're threatened by a stranger,
When it looks like you will take a lickin'...

There is one thing you should learn,
When there is no one else to turn to,
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!  (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**)
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!


Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.  (Those who have already
paid may disregard this fortune).


You first parent of the human race... who ruined yourself for an apple,
what might you have done for a truffled turkey?
		-- Brillat-Savarin, "Physiologie du go^ut"


Snow White:
	"Gee guys, I've always dreamed of getting ten inches...
	but not an inch-and-a-half at a time!"


Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw


Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.


A hammer sometimes misses its mark - a bouquet never.


That's life for you, said McDunn.  Someone always waiting for someone
who never comes home.  Always someone loving something more than that
thing loves them.  And after awhile you want to destroy whatever that
thing is, so it can't hurt you no more.
		-- Ray Bradbury, "The Fog Horn"


Parker's Law:
	Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.


Conflicting research paradigms
Have legitimized various crimes.
	The worst we can see
	Is in psychology,
Measuring reaction times.


Hear about...
	the secretary that got fired because she had one too mini?


QOTD:
	"Say, you look pretty athletic.  What say we put a pair of tennis
	shoes on you and run you into the wall?"


Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not
cockroaches!
		-- Mom


The Enterprise crew when off work
Will fuck like an Ottoman Turk.
	Uhura the Zulu
	Is shacked up with Sulu,
And Spock shares a crew girl with Kirk.


Eat shit and die a virgin!


Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.  They worship
us and are always bothering us to do something for them.
		-- Wilde


CAPRICORN (Dec 22 - Jan 19)
	Play your hunches.  This is a day when luck will play an important
	part in your life.  If you were smarter, you wouldn't need so much
	luck and you wouldn't be reading your horoscope, either.  You are
	a suspicious person, and it will occur to you that astrologers
	don't know what they're talking about any more than your Aunt Martha.


At last, the first Soviet, artificially intelligent computer had been produced.
The engineers did not get it, nor the physicists.  First things first: it went
to the institute of Marxism-Leninism.

"IS IT POSSIBLE TO BUILD SOCIALISM IN SWITZERLAND?" typed in one of the
	theologians.
"YES," replied the computer.  "BUT IT WOULD BE SUCH A PITY TO DESTROY
	SUCH A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY."


Coitus interruptus, n.:
	A jerky movement following the words (by either sex partner)
	"I want to have your child."


X windows:
	We will dump no core before its time.
	One good crash deserves another.
	A bad idea whose time has come.  And gone.
	We make excuses.
	It didn't even look good on paper.
	You laugh now, but you'll be laughing harder later!
	A new concept in abuser interfaces.
	How can something get so bad, so quickly?
	It could happen to you.
	The art of incompetence.
	You have nothing to lose but your lunch.
	When uselessness just isn't enough.
	More than a mere hindrance.  It's a whole new barrier!
	When you can't afford to be right.
	And you thought we couldn't make it worse.

If it works, it isn't X windows.


Nothing is better than Sex.
Masturbation is better than nothing.
Therefore, Masturbation is better than Sex.


Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish,
and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.


People who think they know everything
greatly annoy those of us who do.


Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.


When God created man, She was only testing.


[Sir Stafford Cripps] has all the virtues
I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
		-- Winston Churchill


I would gladly raise my voice in praise of women,
only they won't let me raise my voice.
		-- Winkle


