Q:	What do you call a TV set that fixes itself?
A:	A Christian Science Monitor.


One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.


A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
		-- Prof. Steiner


THEORY:
	System of ideas meant to explain something, chosen with a view to
	originality, controversialism, incomprehensibility, and how good
	it will look in print.


The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
		-- Alexandre Arnoux, "Etudes et caprices"


Very few things actually get manufactured these days, because in an
infinitely large Universe, such as the one in which we live, most things one
could possibly imagine, and a lot of things one would rather not, grow
somewhere.  A forest was discovered recently in which most of the trees grew
ratchet screwdrivers as fruit.  The life cycle of the ratchet screwdriver is
quite interesting.  Once picked it needs a dark dusty drawer in which it can
lie undisturbed for years.  Then one night it suddenly hatches, discards its
outer skin that crumbles into dust, and emerges as a totally unidentifiable
little metal object with flanges at both ends and a sort of ridge and a hole
for a screw.  This, when found, will get thrown away.  No one knows what the
screwdriver is supposed to gain from this.  Nature, in her infinite wisdom,
is presumably working on it.


I predict that today will be remembered until tomorrow!


If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.


Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes?
[Who guards the Guardians?]


The two couples were enjoying their vacation together at a resort hotel.  They
were in the middle of a game of Scrabble in the lobby when a thunderstorm cut
off the hotel's electricity, leaving little to do but retire to their rooms.
Bill was a rather devout man, so before getting into bed with his companion,
he said his prayers.  As he got under the covers, the lightning suddenly
flashed through the window and he discovered that he was in the wrong room.
He instantly jumped up and started to dash for the hallway.  "It's too late,
called the girl from the bed, "my guy doesn't pray."


Large increases in cost with questionable increases in
performance can be tolerated only in race horses and women.
		-- Lord Kelvin


The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the
illiterates can read.
		-- Alberto Moravia


The church is near but the road is icy,
the bar is far away but I will walk carefully.
		-- Russian Proverb


A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the
damned things is ample.
		-- Rebecca West


Never miss a good chance to shut up.


Factorials were someone's attempt to make math LOOK exciting.


Rules for driving in New York:
	1) Anything done while honking your horn is legal.
	2) You may park anywhere if you turn your four-way flashers on.
	3) A red light means the next six cars may go through the
		intersection.


The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.


Don't abandon hope.
Your Captain Midnight decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


There goes the good time that was had by all.
		-- Bette Davis, remarking on a passing starlet


Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off
during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


She's so tough she won't take 'yes' for an answer.


Normal times may possibly be over forever.


Someday, Weederman, we'll look back on all this and laugh... It will
probably be one of those deep, eerie ones that slowly builds to a
blood-curdling maniacal scream... but still it will be a laugh.
		-- Mister Boffo


...his disciples lead him in; he just does the rest.
		-- Tommy


A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.


Q:	How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A:	9 edge down.


we will invent new lullabies, new songs, new acts of love,
we will cry over things we used to laugh &
our new wisdom will bring tears to eyes of gentle
creatures from other planets who were afraid of us till then &
in the end a summer with wild winds &
new friends will be.


The best portion of a good man's life, his little,
nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
		-- Wordsworth


WE:
	The single most important word in the world.


	"My God!  Are we sure he was a liberal?"
	"Pretty sure.  They pulled him from a Volvo."


If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings -- including this one.


I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone


Practically perfect people never permit
sentiment to muddle their thinking.
		-- Mary Poppins


I'd rather have two girls at 21 each than one girl at 42.
		-- W. C. Fields


If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.


An encounter with a beautiful woman is good medicine for the well organized
logical mind -- a little jolt never hurt.  Note that the anarchists have
been saying this for years about the A-bomb and civilization.
		-- Encyclopadia Apocryphia


We'll cross that bridge when we come back to it later.


We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who,
content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


APL hackers take all they want.


When love is gone, there's always justice.
And when justice is gone, there's always force.
And when force is gone, there's always Mom.
Hi, Mom!
		-- Laurie Anderson


A performing octopus could play the piano, the zither and a piccolo, and his
trainer wanted him to add the bagpipe to his accomplishments.  With this in
mind, a bagpipe was placed in the octopus's room, and the trainer awaited
results.  Hours passed, but no bagpipe music was heard.  Since the talented
octopus usually learned quickly, the trainer was disturbed.  Opening the door
the next morning, he asked the octopus,
	"Have you learned to play that thing yet?"
	"Play it!" retorted the octopus. "I've been trying to lay it all
night!"


I don't believe there really IS a GAS SHORTAGE.. I think it's all just
a BIG HOAX on the part of the plastic sign salesmen -- to sell more
numbers!!


LIBRA (Sep. 23 to Oct. 22)
	Your desire for justice and truth will be overshadowed by your desire
	for filthy lucre and a decent meal.  Be gracious and polite.  Someone
	is watching you, so stop staring like that.


Consultants are mystical people who ask a
company for a number and then give it back to them.


Asynchronous inputs are at the root of our race problems.
		-- D. Winker and F. Prosser


He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Baker's First Law of Federal Geometry:
	A block grant is a solid mass of money
	surrounded on all sides by governors.


The rights you have are the rights given you by this Committee [the
House Un-American Activities Committee].  We will determine what rights
you have and what rights you have not got.
		-- J. Parnell Thomas


Hear about...
	the fellow who maintains a special register of particularly
	accommodating girls?  He refers to it as his little blew book.


An atheist is a man with no invisible means of support.


It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.


It's just apartment house rules,
So all you 'partment house fools
Remember:  one man's ceiling is another man's floor.
One man's ceiling is another man's floor.
		-- Paul Simon, "One Man's Ceiling Is Another Man's Floor"


Be self-reliant and your success is assured.


When speculation has done its worst, two plus two still equals four.
		-- S. Johnson


ALGORITHM:
	Trendy dance for hip programmers.


It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level
language named "research student".


When you're in command, command.
		-- Admiral Nimitz


AMAZING BUT TRUE...
	If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to
	end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.


IF I HAD A MINE SHAFT, I don't think I would just abandon it.  There's
got to be a better way.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


I'm going to live forever, or die trying!
		-- Spider Robinson


An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.


I think the sky is blue because it's a shift from black through purple
to blue, and it has to do with where the light is.  You know, the
farther we get into darkness, and there's a shifting of color of light
into the blueness, and I think as you go farther and farther away from
the reflected light we have from the sun or the light that's bouncing
off this earth, uh, the darker it gets ... I think if you look at the
color scale, you start at black, move it through purple, move it on
out, it's the shifting of color.  We mentioned before about the stars
singing, and that's one of the effects of the shifting of colors.
		-- Pat Robertson, The 700 Club


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


Objectivity is to a newspaper what virtue is to a woman.
		-- Joseph Pulitzer


The Kosher Dill was invented in 1723 by Joe Kosher and Sam Dill.  It is
the single most popular pickle variety today, enjoyed throughout the free
world by man, woman and child alike.  An astounding 350 billion kosher
dills are eaten each year, averaging out to almost 1/4 pickle per person
per day.  New York Times food critic Mimi Sheraton says "The kosher dill
really changed my life.  I used to enjoy eating McDonald's hamburgers and
drinking Iron City Lite, and then I encountered the kosher dill pickle.
I realized that there was far more to haute cuisine then I'd ever imagined.
And now, just look at me."


The more control, the more that requires control.


The world is so full of a number of things,
I'm sure we should all be as happy as kings.
	I'll tell you a story--
	It won't take me long--
Of a brother and sister whose tale is my song.

There was an old fellow and what do you think?
He lived on the cheese that he scraped from his dink.
	He whacked it, he hacked it,
	He ate it with glee-
Was there ever a fellow so happy as he?

This charming old chap had a sister as well:
She was ugly and gaunt, with a horrible smell.
	Her cunt was so dirty
	It stank like a beast,
And the odor killed flies as they gathered to feast.

What a wonderful family!  What marvelous style!
I'll bet you and I aren't close by a mile.
	Their odor and diet
	Won't soon be forgotten,
And one day you and I may be equally rotten.


TEUTONIC:
	Not enough gin.


Your aim is high and to the right.


When a girl can read the handwriting on
the wall, she may be in the wrong rest room.


The early bird who catches the worm works for someone who comes in late
and owns the worm farm.
		-- Travis McGee


Elliptic paraboloids for sale.


Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.


Where is John Carson now that we need him?
		-- RLG


Nobody suffers the pain of birth or the anguish of loving a child in order
for presidents to make wars, for governments to feed on the substance of
their people, for insurance companies to cheat the young and rob the old.
		-- Lewis Lapham


Real Users never use the Help key.


Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
		-- W. C. Bennett


Q:	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
A:	A stick.


Fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything.


Belief, n.:
	Something you do not believe.


You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.


Symbolic representation of quantitative entities is doomed to its rightful
place of minor importance in a world where flowers and beautiful women abound.
		-- Albert Einstein


We only acknowledge small faults in order
to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


After two or three weeks of this madness, you begin to feel As One with
the man who said, "No news is good news."  In twenty-eight papers, only
the rarest kind of luck will turn up more than two or three articles of
any interest...  but even then the interest items are usually buried
deep around paragraph 16 on the jump (or "Cont.  on ...")  page...

The Post will have a story about Muskie making a speech in Iowa.  The
Star will say the same thing, and the Journal will say nothing at all.
But the Times might have enough room on the jump page to include a line
or so that says something like:  "When he finished his speech, Muskie
burst into tears and seized his campaign manager by the side of the
neck.  They grappled briefly, but the struggle was kicked apart by an
oriental woman who seemed to be in control."

Now that's good journalism.  Totally objective; very active and
straight to the point.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"


Lucky, adj.:
	When you have a wife and a cigarette
	lighter -- both of which work.


	Two longtime friends sipped Scotch in a local bar and talked about
their troubles.  "And on top of everything else," said the first, "my wife
has cut me down to just once a week."
	"That's too bad," agreed his friend, "but it could be worse.  I know
two guys she's cut off altogether.


There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.


	Mr. Jones related an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada
Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ordered some parts from a new supplier in Japan.  The
company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent
defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time).
	The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in
plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per
cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separately."
		-- Excerpted from an article in The (Toronto) Globe and Mail


This file will self-destruct in five minutes.


	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."


Whatever is not nailed down is mine.  What I can pry loose is not
nailed down.
		-- Collis P. Huntingdon


Give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it.


It has long been known that one horse can run faster
than another -- but which one?  Differences are crucial.
		-- Lazarus Long


Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Government:
	No man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the
	legislature is in session.


Coyote love, n.:
	Coyote love is a nebulous term.  Basically, what it involves is
	the taking of a member of the preferred sex home from a singles
	bar.  Then, when you wake up the next morning, they're sleeping
	on your arm.  So, rather than wake them up as you escape, you
	chew off your arm at the shoulder.

Coyote ugly, adj.:
	When you chew off the other arm 'cause she'll be looking for
	a one-armed man!

See also proof that average instantaneous beauty increases monotonically
as alcohol consumption increases and time, t, approaches last call.


The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.


If all the seas were ink,
And all the reeds were pens,
And all the skies were parchment,
And all the men could write,
These would not suffice
To write down all the red tape
Of this Government.


	... But among the children of the Great Society there were
those whose skins were black.  And lo!  Their portion was niggardly,
and of the fatted calf they were sucking hind teat ...
	Now it came to pass that a prophet rose up amongst them, and
they called him King.  And he went unto Pharaoh and said, "Let my
people go to the front of the bus."
	But Pharaoh answered: "In the fullness of time and with all
deliberate speed shall this thing come to pass.  When ye shall prove
yourselves worthy, shall ye have your just portion -- yea, verily, like
unto a snowball in Hell."
		-- "The Begatting of a President"


TAX OFFICE:
	Den of inequity.


I wish that my room had a floor;
I don't so much care for a door,
	But this walking around
	Without touching the ground
Is getting to be quite a bore!
		-- Gelett Burgess


IDLENESS:
	Leisure gone to seed.


I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable
to sit still in a room.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Teaching undergraduates is like herding sheep.  And, like the old Basque
sheepherder explained, whenever the livestock starts looking good to you,
it's time to spend a night in town.


SUN Microsystems:
	The Network IS the Load Average.


To be patriotic, hate all nations but your own; to be religious, all sects
but your own; to be moral, all pretences but your own.
		-- Lionel Strachey


In marriage, as in war, it is permitted
to take every advantage of the enemy.


For example, if \thinmskip = 3mu, this makes \thickmskip = 6mu.  But if
you also want to use \skip12 for horizontal glue, whether in math mode or
not, the amount of skipping will be in points (e.g., 6pt).  The rule is
that glue in math mode varies with the size only when it is an \mskip;
when moving between an mskip and ordinary skip, the conversion factor
1mu=1pt is always used.  The meaning of '\mskip\skip12' and
'\baselineskip=\the\thickmskip' should be clear.
		-- Donald E. Knuth, TeX 82 -- Comparison with TeX80


Special tonight, the best toot in town at prices you won't believe!!
Also, the finest dope, brought all the way from Columbia by spirited
young adventurers.  All available tonight, as usual, in the graduate
students bullpen from 11: pm on, usual terms and conditions.
Faculty members especially welcome.


A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from
the vexation of thinking.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.


I love children.  Especially when they cry -- for then
someone takes them away.
		-- Nancy Mitford


We should keep the Panama Canal.  After all, we stole it fair and square.
		-- S. I. Hayakawa


Whistler's mother is off her rocker.


WE'LL LOOK INTO IT:
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it,too.


===  ALL CSH USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Set the variable $LOSERS to all the people that you think are losers.  This
will cause all said losers to have the variable $PEOPLE-WHO-THINK-I-AM-A-LOSER
updated in their .login file.  Should you attempt to execute a job on a
machine with poor response time and a machine on your local net is currently
populated by losers, that machine will be freed up for your job through a
cold boot process.


Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.


Clairvoyant, n.:
	A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that
	which is invisible to her patron -- namely, that he is a
	blockhead.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof.  There are many examples
of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies,
but they prevailed with irrefutable data.  More often, egregious findings
that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts.  I have
argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic consciousness,"
and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of
neuroscience.  Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid
handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena
than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves
offer more plausible alternatives.
		-- Barry L. Beyerstein, "The Brain and Consciousness:
		   Implications for Psi Phenomena".


His ideas of first-aid stopped short of squirting soda water.
		-- P. G. Wodehouse


If you cannot in the long run tell everyone
what you have been doing, your doing was worthless.
		-- Edwin Schrodinger


So you see Antonio, why worry about one little core dump, eh?  In reality
all core dumps happen at the same instant, so the core dump you will have
tomorrow, why, it already happened.  You see, it's just a little universal
recursive joke which threads our lives through the infinite potential of
the instant.  So go to sleep, Antonio, your thread could break any moment
and cast you out of the safe security of the instant into the dark void of
eternity, the anti-time.  So go to sleep...


Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall
fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic
operators together.
		-- Steve Higgins


You've decked the halls with a dozen miles' length of electric lights.
Your front lawn is a gleaming testament of incandescent wonder. The neighbors
wear sunglasses 24/7,  and orbiting satellites have officially picked up
and pinpointed your house as the brightest spot on earth.

You've finally put together the Christmas wonderland of your dreams... now
if only you could get a good picture of it.

Photographing holiday lights is no easy task.
		-- from an email sent by photojojo.com


Who is W. O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?


Revolutionary, adj.:
	Repackaged.


Kinkler's First Law:
	Responsibility always exceeds authority.

Kinkler's Second Law:
	All the easy problems have been solved.


Your supervisor is thinking about you.


Maybe we can get together and show off to each other sometimes.


If you give Congress a chance to vote on
both sides of an issue, it will always do it.
		-- Les Aspin, D, Wisconsin


Keep a diary and one day it'll keep you.
		-- Mae West


Excerpt from a conversation between a customer support person and a
customer working for a well-known military-affiliated research lab:

Support:  "You're not our only customer, you know."
Customer: "But we're one of the few with tactical nuclear weapons."


Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets,
The muttering retreats
Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels
And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells:
Streets that follow like a tedious argument
Of insidious intent
To lead you to an overwhelming question...
Oh, do not ask, "What is it?"
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Love song of J. Alfred Prufrock"


I had a feeling once about mathematics -- that I saw it all.  Depth beyond
depth was revealed to me -- the Byss and the Abyss. I saw -- as one might
see the transit of Venus or even the Lord Mayor's Show -- a quantity passing
through infinity and changing its sign from plus to minus.  I saw exactly
why it happened and why tergiversation was inevitable -- but it was after
dinner and I let it go.
		-- Winston Churchill


While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's
still very reassuring to know that it's still there.


California is proud to be the home of the freeway.
		-- Ronald Reagan


You will engage in a profitable business activity.


	Every morning, the crowd on Coney Island beach was startled to see
a jogger with the build of a pro football player but a head the size of a
baseball.  Finally, some brave young man got up the nerve to stop him and
ask, "What happened to give you such a small head?"
	The jogger sadly told the story of finding a magic lamp on the beach,
which produced a beautiful genie when rubbed.  The genie said, "I now give
you one wish.  Do you want a quick fuck or a little head?"


Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most
astonishin' things to preserve their respectability.  Thank God
I'm not respectable.
		-- Ruthven Campbell Todd


Eagleson's Law:
	Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more
months, might as well have been written by someone else.  (Eagleson is
an optimist, the real number is more like three weeks.)


He was a modest, good-humored boy.  It was Oxford that made him
insufferable.


You can't run away forever,
But there's nothing wrong with getting a good head start.
		-- Jim Steinman, "Rock and Roll Dreams Come Through"


ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.


I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
		-- graffito in Los Angeles

On a clear day,
U.C.L.A.
		-- graffito in San Francisco

There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our
lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
		-- Robert Orben


