Dianetics is a milestone for man comparable to his discovery of
fire and superior to his invention of the wheel and the arch.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard


Give me the Luxuries, and to Hell with the Necessities!


A Mormon is a man that has the bad taste and the religion to do what a
good many other people are restrained from doing by conscientious
scruples and the police.
		-- Mr. Dooley


To see you is to sympathize.


At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his
thumb with a hammer.
		-- Marshall Lumsden


By the yard, life is hard.
By the inch, it's a cinch.


You are now in Atlanta, Georgia.
Please set your clocks back 200 years.


Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic,
then at least be aseptic.


Don't look now, but your mother is having sex with a horse.


Bill and Jim were walking home from work.  As they walked along, they
discussed their wives' spending habits.  "I don't understand how women
can spend so much money," Bill exclaimed.  "I mean, understand, she
don't drink, and she's got her own pussy!"


Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.


Everything ends badly.  Otherwise it wouldn't end.


The Fortune Travel Agency offers a special... Vacation in Hell!
	-- Grace Kelly drives you to the airport.
	-- Thurman Munson flies you to a remote tropical island.
	-- Ted Kennedy's your chauffeur on the island.
	-- You go yachting with Natalie Wood.
	-- You have drinks with William Holden.
	-- And Roman Polanski stays at home and watches your kids.


How should they answer?
		-- Abigail Van Buren (Dear Abby) in reply to the question
		   "Why do Jews always answer a question with a question?"


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.
What ain't fruits and nuts is flakes.


A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office.  "Was it true," the woman
inquired, "that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest
of her life?"
	She was told that it was.  There was just a moment of silence before
the woman proceeded bravely on.  "Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my
condition is.  This prescription is marked `NO REFILLS'".


I cannot overemphasize the importance of good grammar.

What a crock.  I could easily overemphasize the importance of good
grammar.  For example, I could say: "Bad grammar is the leading cause
of slow, painful death in North America," or "Without good grammar, the
United States would have lost World War II."
		-- Dave Barry, "An Utterly Absurd Look at Grammar"


Democracy, n.:
	In which you say what you like and do what you're told.
		-- Gerald Barry

The difference between a Democracy and a Dictatorship is that in a
Democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a Dictatorship
you don't have to waste your time voting.
		-- Charles Bukowski


When the shit hits the fan, keep your mouth shut!


Ahead warp factor one, Mr. Sulu.


A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be
thankful for a good one.
		-- Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings


It is impossible to travel faster than light, and
certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
		-- Woody Allen


There can be no twisted thought without a twisted molecule.
		-- R. W. Gerard


Being stoned on marijuana isn't very different from being stoned on
gin.
		-- Ralph Nader


No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"


The Official MBA Handbook on the use of sunlamps:

	Use a sunlamp only on weekends.  That way, if the office wise guy
	remarks on the sudden appearance of your tan, you can fabricate
	some story about a sun-stroked weekend at some island Shangri-La
	like Caneel Bay.  Nothing is more transparent than leaving the
	office at 11:45 on a Tuesday night, only to return an Aztec sun
	god at 8:15 the next morning.


Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed
from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Many people are unenthusiastic about their work.


To know Edina is to reject it.
		-- Dudley Riggs, "The Year the Grinch Stole the Election"


It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
		-- Phil White


A couple of young fellers were fishing at their special pond off the
beaten track when out of the bushes jumped the Game Warden.  Immediately,
one of the boys threw his rod down and started running through the woods
like the proverbial bat out of hell, and hot on his heels ran the Game
Warden.  After about a half mile the fella stopped and stooped over with
his hands on his thighs, whooping and heaving to catch his breath as the
Game Warden finally caught up to him.
	"Let's see yer fishin' license, boy," the Warden gasped.  The
man pulled out his wallet and gave the Game Warden a valid fishing
license.
	"Well, son", snarled the Game Warden, "You must be about as dumb
as a box of rocks!  You didn't have to run if you have a license!"
	"Yes, sir," replied his victim, "but, well, see, my friend back
there, he don't have one!"


The three biggest software lies:

	1: *Of course* we'll give you a copy of the source.
	2: *Of course* the third party vendor we bought that from
		will fix the microcode.
	3: Beta test site?  No, *of course* you're not a beta test site.


If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely.


Is this really happening?


There are three rules for writing a novel.
Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


He:	Do you like Kipling?
She:	Oh, you naughty boy, I don't know!  I've never kippled!


I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living


If everything seems to be going well,
you have obviously overlooked something.


A lie in time saves nine.


If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three
to a can.


	People who claim to know jackrabbits will tell you they are primarily
motivated by Fear, Stupidity and Craziness.  But I have spent enough time in
jackrabbit country to know that most of them lead pretty dull lives; they are
bored with their daily routines:  eat, fuck, sleep, hop around a bush now and
then... No wonder some of them drift over the line into cheap thrills once in
a while; there has to be a powerful adrenaline rush in crouching by the side of
a road, waiting for the next set of headlights to come along, then streaking
out of the bushes with split-second timing and making it across to the other
side just inches in front of the speeding front wheels.
	Why not?  Anything that gets the adrenaline moving like a 440 volt
blast in a copper bathtub is good for the reflexes and keeps the veins free
of cholesterol ...  but too many adrenaline rushes in any given time-span has
the same bad effect on the nervous system as too many electro-shock treatments
are said to have on the brain:  after a while you start burning out the
circuits.
	When a jackrabbit gets addicted to road running, it is only a matter
of time before he gets smashed -- and when a journalist turns into a politics
junkie he will sooner or later start raving and babbling in print about things
that only a person who has Been There can possibly understand.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


She won' go Warp 7, Cap'n!  The batteries are dead!


Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #16

The Arkansas legislature passed a law that states that the Arkansas River
can rise no higher than to the Main Street bridge in Little Rock.


Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and its goodbye
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


Computers are useless.  They can only give you answers.
		-- Pablo Picasso


A fool and his honey are soon parted.


If God wanted us to have a President,
He would have sent us a candidate.
		-- Jerry Dreshfield


"Twas bergen and the eirie road
Did mahwah into patterson:		"Beware the Hopatcong, my son!
All jersey were the ocean groves,	The teeth that bite, the nails
And the red bank bayonne.			that claw!
					Beware the bound brook bird, and shun
He took his belmar blade in hand:	The kearney communipaw."
Long time the folsom foe he sought
Till rested he by a bayway tree		And, as in nutley thought he stood,
And stood a while in thought.		The Hopatcong with eyes of flame,
					Came whippany through the englewood,
One, two, one, two, and through		And garfield as it came.
	and through
The belmar blade went hackensack!	"And hast thou slain the Hopatcong?
He left it dead and with it's head	Come to my arms, my perth amboy!
He went weehawken back.			Hohokus day!  Soho!  Rahway!"
					He caldwell in his joy.
Did mahwah into patterson:
All jersey were the ocean groves,
And the red bank bayonne.
		-- Paul Kieffer


Honesty's the best policy.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.


A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901


Here there by tygers.


A new lumberjack had just finished his first month in the lonely wilds of
Alaska, where there were no women for miles.  He finally couldn't take it
anymore and nervously asked the foreman what the other men did to relieve
the pressure.
	"Try the hole in the barrel outside the shower," suggested the
foreman.  "The other men swear by it."
	The lumberjack dubiously tried it out and had the experience of
his life.  "That barrel is fantastic!  Warm!  Wet!  I'm going to use it
every day!"
	"Every day but the third Wednesday of the month," one of the
other men replied.
	"Why not then?"
	"That's your day in the barrel."


Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands,
meet exciting interesting people, and kill them.


Pushing 30 is exercise enough.


Some days you are the bug; some days you are the windshield.


2180, U.S. History question:
	What 20th Century U.S. President was almost impeached and what
office did he later hold?


The other day I put instant coffee in my microwave oven ... I almost
went back in time.
		-- Steven Wright


Real Users hate Real Programmers.


Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than
being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.
		-- S. C. Johnson


So many men, so many opinions; every one his own way.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Hear about...
	the guy who was so well endowed that he had a fiveskin?


Will your long-winded speeches never end?
What ails you that you keep on arguing?
		-- Job 16:3


I've tried several varieties of sex.  The conventional position makes
me claustrophobic, and the others either give me a stiff neck or lockjaw.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


I've seen, I SAY, I've seen better heads on a mug of beer.
		-- Senator Claghorn


The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
		-- John Muir


The perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 A.M.
		-- Charles Pierce


Quark!  Quark!  Beware the quantum duck!


13. ...  r-q1


Two men look out through the same bars; one sees mud, and one the stars.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#4

Weddings:
	When reminiscing about weddings, women talk about "the ceremony".
Men talk about "the bachelor party".

Clothes:
	Men don't discard clothes.  The average man still has the gym shirt
he wore in high school.  He thinks a jacket is "just getting broken in" about
the time it develops holes in the elbows.  A man will let new shirts sit on
the shelf in their original packaging for a couple of years before putting
them to use, hoping they'll become more comfortable with age.
	Women think clothes are radioactive, with a half-life of one year.
They exercise precautions to avoid contamination by last year's fashions.


The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
		-- Blair


Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature,
An endothermic quadruped, carnivorous by nature.
Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses
Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses.
I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations,
A singular development of cat communications
That obviates your basic hedonistic predilection
For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents:
You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance;
And when not being utilized to aid in locomotion,
It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion.
Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display
Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array.
And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend,
I nonetheless consider you a true and valued friend.
		-- Lt. Cmdr. Data, "An Ode to Spot"


Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.
That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have
their shoes.


We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little,
that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.


Better tried by twelve than carried by six.
		-- Jeff Cooper


Someone will try to honk your nose today.


I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Kites rise highest against the wind -- not with it.
		-- Winston Churchill


Just because the message may never be
received does not mean it is not worth sending.


Hark ye, Clinker, you are a most notorious offender.  You stand
convicted of sickness, hunger, wretchedness, and want.
		-- Tobias Smollet


He who steps on others to reach the top has good balance.


Finish the sentence below in 25 words or less:

	"Love is what you feel just before you give someone a good ..."

Mail your answer along with the top half of your supervisor to:

	P.O. Box 35
	Baffled Greek, Michigan


Are Women Human?
In the year 584, in Lyon, France, 43 Catholic bishops and 20 men
representing other bishops, after a lengthy debate, took a vote.
The results were 32 yes, 31 no.  Women were declared human by one
vote.


	The master programmer moves from program to program without fear.  No
change in management can harm him.  He will not be fired, even if the project
is canceled.  Why is this?  He is filled with the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Fertility is hereditary.  If your parents
didn't have any children, neither will you.


A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into
superstition, and art into pedantry.  Hence University education.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Coward, n.:
	One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Eighteen goddess-like daughters are not equal to one son with a hump.
		-- Chinese Proverb


Shirley MacLaine died today in a freak psychic collision today.  Two freaks
in a van [Oh no!!  It's the Copyright Police!!]  Her aura-charred body was
laid to rest after a eulogy by Jackie Collins, fellow member of SAFE [Society
of Asinine Flake Entertainers].  Excerpted from some of his more quotable
comments:

	"Truly a woman of the times.  These times, those times..."
	"A Renaissance woman.  Why in 1432..."
	"A man for all seasons.  Really..."

After the ceremony, Shirley thanked her mourners and explained how delightful
it was to "get it together" again, presumably referring to having her now dead
body join her long dead brain.


	A cowboy, his horse and his dog were captured by hostile Indians.
This wasn't really a problem for the animals as the Indians can always use
them, but the cowboy is informed that he will be burned at the stake the
following sunrise.  That evening, the Indian chief tells the cowboy that
he can one last wish, within reason, of course, before meeting his fate
the following morning.  The cowboy replies that all he really wants is to
see his faithful dog, Rex, one last time.  When the dog is brought by the
Indians, the cowboy hugs his companion and whispers something into his ear.
At once the dog runs off over the hill.  Amazingly enough, a few hours later,
he returns, accompanied by some two dozen prostitutes from a nearby town.
Needless to say, the braves are delighted and as a reward offer the cowboy
his dog to keep him company through the rest of the night.  When the dog is
brought forth the cowboy again runs his hand over Rex's head and then bends
down to whisper into his ear: "This may be my last chance, Rex, so get it
right this time -- go into town and get the posse!"


"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not
Compute' -- I forget which."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


In real love you want the other person's good.  In romantic love you
want the other person.
		-- Margaret Anderson


Success is a journey, not a destination.


BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of "Scientific Creationism."


WORK:
	The blessed respite from screaming kids and
	soap operas for which you actually get paid.


The best way to accelerate a Macintoy is at 9.8 meters per second, squared.


Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
		-- Scottish proverb


	"Can you hammer a 6-inch spike into a wooden plank with your
penis?"
	"Uh, not right now."
	"Tsk.  A girl has to have some standards."
		-- "Real Genius"


Mistakeholder, n.:
	A person who depends on accidental features or
	implementation errors and so now has a vested
	interest in keeping things from being fixed.
		-- Chip Morningstar


Meanwhile, back at the ranch, Granny was a-beating off the Indians, but
they jus' kept on a-comin'.  Back at the outhouse, things were a-pilin' up.
And, as the U.S. Fourth Calvary mounted the hill, Tonto, cleverly disguised
as a doorknob, came off in the Lone Ranger's hand.


The mind is its own place, and in itself
Can make a Heaven of Hell, a Hell of Heaven.
What matter where, if I be still the same,
And what I should be, all but less than he
Whom thunder hath made greater? here at least
We shall be free; the almighty hath not built
Here for his envy, will not drive us hence;
Here we may reign secure, and, in my choice,
To reign is worth ambition, though in Hell:
Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven.
		-- Satan, Milton's "Paradise Lost", I, 254-263


Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms
with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
		-- Samuel Butler (1835-1902)


You two ought to be more careful--
your love could drag on for years and years.


	When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
"Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!  I'm strapped for cash and I haven't
the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!"
	"I'm glad to hear that," answered Abe.  "I was afraid you
might have some idea that you could borrow from me!"


Why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is
wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits that
unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant?  Is it
not a spectacle to make the angels laugh?  We are a company of ignorant
beings, feeling our way through mists and darkness, learning only be
incessantly repeated blunders, obtaining a glimmering of truth by falling
into every conceivable error, dimly discerning light enough for our daily
needs, but hopelessly differing whenever we attempt to describe the ultimate
origin or end of our paths; and yet, when one of us ventures to declare that
we don't know the map of the universe as well as the map of our infinitesimal
parish, he is hooted, reviled, and perhaps told that he will be damned to all
eternity for his faithlessness.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "An Agnostic's Apology",
		   Fortnightly Review, 1876


Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!


Have you flogged your kid today?


Everlasting peace will come to the world when the last man has slain
the last but one.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Girls who put out are tramps.  Girls who don't are ladies.  This is,
however, a rather archaic use of the word.  Should one of you boys happen
upon a girl who doesn't put out, do not jump to the conclusion that you
have found a lady.  What you have probably found is a lesbian.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.


Lawsuit, n.:
	A machine which you go into as a pig and come out as a sausage.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Stay the curse.


He who laughs last usually had to have joke explained.


Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes?
[Who guards the Guardians?]


Living on Earth may be expensive, but it
includes an annual free trip around the Sun.


Chapter 2:  Newtonian Growth and Decay

	The growth-decay formulas were developed in the trivial fashion by
Isaac Newton's famous brother Phigg.  His idea was to provide an equation
that would describe a quantity that would dwindle and dwindle, but never
quite reach zero.  Historically, he was merely trying to work out his
mortgage.  Another versatile equation also emerged, one which would define
a function that would continue to grow, but never reach unity.  This equation
can be applied to charging capacitors, over-damped springs, and the human
race in general.


Dance is the vertical expression of a horizontal intention.


You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.


If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out but tomfoolery.
But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine,
is somehow ennobled and no-one dare criticise it.
		-- Pierre Gallois


Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.


The program isn't debugged until the last user is dead.


Onward through the fog.


I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.
		-- Lillian Hellman


Personifiers Unite!  You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!


Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.


Poverty begins at home.


Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.


The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.


