I want to reach your mind -- where is it currently located?


You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
		-- Indira Gandhi


To restore a sense of reality, I think
Walt Disney should have a Hardluckland.
		-- Jack Paar


The two party system ... is a triumph of the dialectic.  It showed that
two could be one and one could be two and had probably been fabricated
by Hegel for the American market on a subcontract from General Dynamics.
		-- I. F. Stone


Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.


VMS, n.:
	The world's foremost multi-user adventure game.


The difference between waltzes and disco is mostly one of volume.
		-- T. K.


A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.


Happiness, n.:
	An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of
	another.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If you are over 80 years old and accompanied
by your parents, we will cash your check.


Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard
To fetch her poor daughter a dress.
When she got there, the cupboard was bare
And so was her daughter, I guess...


Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
		-- Francis Bacon


Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.


Message will arrive in the mail.
Destroy, before the FBI sees it.


The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the
illiterates can read.
		-- Alberto Moravia


You know what I wish?  I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat
and I had my hands about it.
		-- Rorschach, "Watchmen"


Chess tonight.


Maj. Bloodnok:	Seagoon, you're a coward!
Seagoon:	Only in the holiday season.
Maj. Bloodnok:	Ah, another Noel Coward!


The rich get rich, and the poor get poorer.
The haves get more, the have-nots die.


	A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.  He came back from
his honeymoon a chastened man.  He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.


If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.


Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.  Only it's his light bulb when he's done.


You're not Dave.  Who are you?


In breeding cattle you need one bull for every twenty-five cows, unless
the cows are known sluts.
		-- Johnny Carson


Death is only a state of mind.

Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.


I'd love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I
snore.


Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Coningsby"


He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.


The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination -- but the
combination is locked up in the safe.
		-- Peter de Vries

Corollary: The combination is not a problem since we are locked in the
same safe.


QOTD:
	"To hell with patience, I'm gonna kill me something!"


It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.


Blow it out your ass!


A penny saved kills your career in government.


Real computer scientists don't write code.  They occasionally tinker with
`programming systems', but those are so high level that they hardly count
(and rarely count accurately; precision is for applications).


Bilbo's First Law:
	You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.


Jesus saves... but Gretzky gets the rebound!
		-- Daniel Hinojosa


Gilbert's Discovery:
	Any attempt to use the new super glues results in the two pieces
	sticking to your thumb and index finger rather than to each other.


Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.


Furbling, v.:
	Having to wander through a maze of ropes at an airport or bank
	even when you are the only person in line.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


He who is content with his lot probably has a lot.


There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy to make low income
parents' lives a misery.  ...  I want you to picture the trusting face of a
child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.  I want you to
picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one
Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
		-- Filthy Rich and Catflap


Top Ten Things Overheard At The ANSI C Draft Committee Meetings:

10:	Sorry, but that's too useful.
 9:	Dammit, little-endian systems *are* more consistent!
 8:	I'm on the committee and I *still* don't know what the hell
	#pragma is for.
 7:	Well, it's an excellent idea, but it would make the compilers too
	hard to write.
 6:	Them bats is smart; they use radar.
 5:	All right, who's the wiseguy who stuck this trigraph stuff in here?
 4:	How many times do we have to tell you, "No prior art!"
 3:	Ha, ha, I can't believe they're actually going to adopt this sucker.
 2:	Thank you for your generous donation, Mr. Wirth.
 1:	Gee, I wish we hadn't backed down on "noalias".


Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!


A girl and a boy bump into each other -- surely an accident.
A girl and a boy bump and her handkerchief drops -- surely another accident.
But when a girl gives a boy a dead squid -- *_t_h_a_t _h_a_d _t_o _m_e_a_n _s_o_m_e_t_h_i_n_g*.
		-- S. Morgenstern, "The Silent Gondoliers"


Eighteen goddess-like daughters are not equal to one son with a hump.
		-- Chinese Proverb


Bug, n.:
	An aspect of a computer program which exists because the
programmer was thinking about Jumbo Jacks or stock options when s/he
wrote the program.

Fortunately, the second-to-last bug has just been fixed.
		-- Ray Simard


Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.


Stinginess with privileges is kindness in disguise.
		-- Guide to VAX/VMS Security, Sep. 1984


You have a message from the operator.


Women who want to be equal to men lack imagination
		-- Graffito in a women's restroom


She was peeved, and called her beau "Mr."
Not because, when she came in, he kr.,
	But she knew, just before
	She opened the door,
This same Mr. had kr. sr.


94% of the women in America are beautiful
and the rest hang out around here.


Reporter, n.:
	A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a
	tempest of words.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


CONFIRMED BACHELOR:
	A man who goes through life without a hitch.


Plato, by the way, wanted to banish all poets from his proposed Utopia
because they were liars.  The truth was that Plato knew philosophers
couldn't compete successfully with poets.
		-- Kilgore Trout (Philip J. Farmer) "Venus on the Half
		   Shell"


From the crystal swirling waters,
Of the Rio Amazon,
To the sacred halls of Bayonne,
Where we stand pajamas on.	(It's the only thing that rhymes.)
From ev'ry hallowed venue,
Ev'ry forest, mount and vale,
Your butt is on the menu
And the check is in the mail.
		-- The Piranha Club Anthem, to the tune of "De Camptown Races"


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy
who has cheated some woman out of a divorce.
		-- Don Quinn


My brain is my second favorite organ.
		-- Woody Allen


Don't drop acid -- take it pass/fail.
		-- Seen in a Ladies Room at Harvard


But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!


If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
		-- Bette Davis


You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
		-- Indira Gandhi


The Great Movie Posters:

*A Giggle Gurgling Gulp of Glee*
With Pretty Girls, Peppy Scenes, and Gorgeous Revues -- plus a good story.
		-- Tea with a Kick (1924)

Whoopie!  Let's go!... Hand-picked Beauties doing cute tricks!
GET IN THE KNOW FOR THE HEY-HEY WHOOPIE!
		-- The Wild Party (1929)

YOU HEAR HIM MAKE LOVE!
DIX -- the dashing soldier!
	DIX -- the bold adventurer!
		DIX -- the throbbing lover!
		-- The Wheel of Life (1929)

SEE CHARLES BUTTERWORTH DRIVE A STREETCAR AND SING LOVE
SONGS TO HIS MARE "MITZIE"!
		-- The Night is Young (1934)


If a listener nods his head when you're
explaining your program, wake him up.


When you were born, a big chance was taken for you.


Alone, adj.:
	In bad company.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


It is better to remain childless than to father an orphan.


71:
	69 with two fingers up your ass.
		-- George Carlin


The difference between the right word and the almost right word
is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
		-- Mark Twain


Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.


Love is in the offing.
		-- The Homicidal Maniac


	"Hawk, we're going to die."
	"Never say die... and certainly never say we."
		-- M*A*S*H


Crime does not pay... as well as politics.
		-- A. E. Neuman


To jaw-jaw is better than to war-war.
		-- Winston Churchill, on Korean War negotiations


Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist.  I mean, kind of ... in a way ...


A man is walking down the street when he sees a man with four arms, and
antennae coming out of his head.  He goes up to him and says, "You're not
from around here, are you?"
	"No," replies the man with the antennae.
	"You know," continues the man, "I don't think you're an American,
either.  In fact, I bet you don't even come from this planet!"
	"Right again," says the man with four arms.  "I'm from Mars."
	"Well," says the man, "that's quite some configuration you've got
there, with those four arms and those antennae and everything."
	"We Martians all have four arms and antennae."
	"Well, that's just amazing," replies the man, "and how about that
big gold colored plate in the middle of your chest, what's that, do all
Martians have that?"
	"Well, no," says the Martian.  "Not the *goyim*."


Where do you go to get anorexia?
		-- Shelley Winters


It's important that people know what you stand for.
It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.


Most men would never get laid if it weren't for the pity fuck.


Q:	Have you ever been picked up by the fuzz?
A:	No, but I bet it hurts like hell.


A language that doesn't affect the way you
think about programming is not worth knowing.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit Ears.


Another nun joke!!!
	You see, three nuns were walking down the street, when suddenly
this flasher jumped out in front of them and opened his trench coat,
exposing his all to the sisters.  Well, two of the nuns had strokes right
there, but the third nun wouldn't touch it.


If I promised you the moon and the stars, would you believe it?
		-- Alan Parsons Project


Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).


When it's dark enough you can see the stars.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


The sealed-paper-in-a-safe thing is only your last resort if all your
password-knowers get hit by a redundant array of inexperienced busdrivers.
		-- jpd on comp.unix.freebsd.bsd.misc


Consider the following axioms carefully:
	"Everything's better when it sits on a Ritz."
	and
	"Everything's better with Blue Bonnet on it."
What happens if one spreads Blue Bonnet margarine on a Ritz cracker?  The
thought is frightening.  Is this how God came into being?  Try not to
consider the fact that "Things go better with Coke".


	It seems there were two young Marines walking down the street, and
they chanced upon a lady who was both very proper and very well endowed.
One of them said, "Wow! What tits!  Hey lady, would I love to snuggle up with
them for awhile.  What are you doing this afternoon?"
	Well, the other Marine thought that was just about the most shameful
thing he had ever witnessed, and felt that he had to restore the honor of the
Corps.  "Pardon my friend, Ma'am," he apologized, "He's not been very well
brought up and don't know how to talk to cunt."


I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
		-- Fred Allen

[Also attributed to S. Clay Wilson.  Ed.]


Normally our rules are rigid; we tend to discretion, if for no other
reason than self-protection.  We never recommend any of our graduates,
although we cheerfully provide information as to those who have failed
their courses.
		-- Jack Vance, "Freitzke's Turn"


Meskimen's Law:
	There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to
	do it over.


I don't get no respect.


Today is a good day for information-gathering.
Read someone else's mail file.


In the shade of the old apple tree
Where between her fat legs I could see
	A little brown spot
	With the hair in a knot,
And it certainly looked good to me.

I asked as I tickled her tit
If she thought that my big thing would fit.
	She said it would do
	So we had a good screw		In the shade of the old apple tree
In the shade of the old apple tree.	I got all that was coming to me.
						In the soft dewy grass
I could hear the dull buzz of the bee		I had a fine piece of ass
As he sunk his grub hooks into me.	From a maiden that was fine to see.
	Her ass it was fine
	But you should have seen mine
In the shade of the old apple tree.


He who enters his wife's dressing room is a philosopher or a fool.
		-- Honore de Balzac


When pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?


Psychologist, n.:
	Someone who watches everyone else when an attractive woman walks
	into a room.


Life is too short to stuff a mushroom.
		-- Storm Jameson


Second Law of Business Meetings:
	If there are two possible ways to spell a person's name, you
	will pick the wrong one.

Corollary:
	If there is only one way to spell a name,
	you will spell it wrong, anyway.


There is nothing as overrated as a bad
lay, or as underrated as a great shit.


Said the cunt-lapping Bey of Algiers,
In a cunt halfway up to his ears:
	"This nautch is delicious,
	 And without doubt nutritious.
She's my best-tasting wife in ten years!"


A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
		-- George Eliot


A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire


All constants are variables.


QOTD:
	"It's men like him that give the Y chromosome a bad name."


I'd walk a mile for a Camel, two for a hump.


-- Male cadavers are incapable of yielding testimony.
-- Individuals who make their abode in vitreous edifices would be well advised
	to refrain from catapulting projectiles.
-- Neophyte's serendipity.
-- Exclusive dedication to necessitous chores without interludes of hedonistic
	diversion renders John a hebetudinous fellow.
-- A revolving concretion of earthy or mineral matter accumulates no congeries
	of small, green bryophytic plant.
-- Abstention from any aleatory undertaking precludes a potential escalation
	of a lucrative nature.
-- Missiles of ligneous or osteal consistency have the potential of fracturing
	osseous structure, but appellations will eternally remain innocuous.


There is no realizable power that man cannot, in time, fashion the
tools to attain, nor any power so secure that the naked ape will not
abuse it.  So it is written in the genetic cards -- only physics and
war hold him in check.  And also the wife who wants him home by five,
of course.
		-- Encyclopedia Apocryphia, 1990 ed.


Alcohol is like love: the first kiss is magic, the second is intimate,
the third is routine.  After that you just take the girl's clothes off.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.


Can't open /usr/share/games/fortune/fortunes.dat.


=============== ALL FRESHMEN PLEASE NOTE ===============

To minimize scheduling confusion, please realize that if you are taking one
course which is offered at only one time on a given day, and another which is
offered at all times on that day, the second class will be arranged as to
afford maximum inconvenience to the student.  For example, if you happen
to work on campus, you will have 1-2 hours between classes.  If you commute,
there will be a minimum of 6 hours between the two classes.


Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven;
confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
		-- Josh Billings


Murphy's Law of Research:
	Enough research will tend to support your theory.


A person is just about as big as the things that make him angry.


If you wish women to love you, be original; I know a man who wore fur
boots summer and winter, and women fell in love with him.
		-- Anton Chekov


The best case:	   Get salary from America, build a house in England,
			live with a Japanese wife, and eat Chinese food.
Pretty good case:  Get salary from England, build a house in America,
			live with a Chinese wife, and eat Japanese food.
The worst case:    Get salary from China, build a house in Japan,
			live with a British wife, and eat American food.
		-- Bungei Shunju, a popular Japanese magazine


Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #37:

Q:  Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
A:  No.
Q:  What was he doing with the dog's ears?
A:  Picking them up in the air.
Q:  Where was the dog at this time?
A:  Attached to the ears.


Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had
to be taught how not to.  So it is with the great programmers.


Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Potluck Pogo"


Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.


There comes a time to stop being angry.
		-- A Small Circle of Friends


Do not try to solve all life's problems at once --
learn to dread each day as it comes.
		-- Donald Kaul


Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
		-- Quentin Crisp


Men aren't attracted to me by my mind.
They're attracted by what I don't mind...
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
		-- William F. Buckley


Distress, n.:
	A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the
repairman arrives.


Q:	How does a girl know she's sleeping with a Computer Scientist?
A:	It isn't hard.


I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to
promote peace than our governments.  Indeed, I think that people want
peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of
the way and let them have it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box


Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.


A-Z affectionately,
1 to 10 alphabetically,
from here to eternity without in betweens,
still looking for a custom fit in an off-the-rack world,
sales talk from sales assistants
	when all i want to do is lower your resistance,
no rhythm in cymbals no tempo in drums,
love's on arrival,
she comes when she comes,
right on the target but wide of the mark...


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we diet.


LISP:
	To call a spade a thpade.


I had never been too political, but I knew how white people treated black
people and it was hard for me to come back to the bullshit white people
put a black person through in this country.  To realize you don't have any
power to make things different is a bitch.
		-- Miles Davis


TODAY:
	A nice place to visit, but you can't stay here for long.


When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
		-- Raymond Chandler


Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare


You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
		-- E. A. Gilliam


Encyclopedia Salesmen:
	Invite them all in.  Nip out the back door.  Phone the police
	and tell them your house is being burgled.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


