Moore's Constant:
	Everybody sets out to do something, and everybody
	does something, but no one does what he sets out to do.


If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.


The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a
soda can, which, when discarded will last forever -- and a $7,000 car
which, when properly cared for, will rust out in two or three years.


Indecision is the true basis for flexibility.


Schizophrenia beats being alone.


My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
		-- Iphicrates


Smuggling... It's not just a job, it's an adventure!
		-- paid for by your local Colombian recruiting office


Practice is the best of all instructors.
		-- Publilius


Once I finally figured out all of life's
answers, they changed the questions.


Motto of the Electrical Engineer:
	Working computer hardware is a lot like an erect penis: it
	stays up as long as you don't fuck with it.


A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
		-- Prof. Steiner


Fudd's First Law of Opposition:
	Push something hard enough and it will fall over.


Mythology, n.:
	The body of a primitive people's beliefs, concerning its origin,
	early history, heroes, deities and so forth, as distinguished
	from the true accounts which it invents later.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for
even the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer.
		-- C. C. Colton


The two things that can get you into trouble
quicker than anything else are fast women and slow horses.


Lake Erie died for your sins.


I give you the man who -- the man who -- uh, I forgets the man who?
		-- Beauregard Bugleboy


A transistor protected by a fast-acting
fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.


When forecasting, give them a number
or give them a date, but never both.


	There was a knock on the door.  Mrs. Miffin opened it.  "Are
you the Widow Miffin?" a small boy asked.
	"I'm Mrs. Miffin," she replied, "but I'm not a widow."
	"Oh, no?" replied the little boy.  "Wait 'til you see what
they're carrying upstairs!"


Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof.  There are many examples
of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies,
but they prevailed with irrefutable data.  More often, egregious findings
that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts.  I have
argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic consciousness,"
and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of
neuroscience.  Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid
handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena
than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves
offer more plausible alternatives.
		-- Barry L. Beyerstein, "The Brain and Consciousness:
		   Implications for Psi Phenomena".


Feel disillusioned?
I've got some great new illusions, right here!


A holding company is a thing where you hand
an accomplice the goods while the policeman searches you.


In dwelling, be close to the land.
In meditation, delve deep into the heart.
In dealing with others, be gentle and kind.
In speech, be true.
In work, be competent.
In action, be careful of your timing.
		-- Lao Tsu


Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished?
Yes, work never begun.


Without life, Biology itself would be impossible.


	By the middle 1880's, practically all the roads except those in
the South, were of the present standard gauge.  The southern roads were
still five feet between rails.
	It was decided to change the gauge of all southern roads to standard,
in one day.  This remarkable piece of work was carried out on a Sunday in May
of 1886.  For weeks beforehand, shops had been busy pressing wheels in on the
axles to the new and narrower gauge, to have a supply of rolling stock which
could run on the new track as soon as it was ready.  Finally, on the day set,
great numbers of gangs of track layers went to work at dawn.  Everywhere one
rail was loosened, moved in three and one-half inches, and spiked down in its
new position.  By dark, trains from anywhere in the United States could operate
over the tracks in the South, and a free interchange of freight cars everywhere
was possible.
		-- Robert Henry, "Trains", 1957


You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.


If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
		-- Jerry Muscha


Ass, grass or gas... nobody rides for free!


Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.


You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.
Therefore you have few friends.


Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"

Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by
close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and
scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
		-- George Washington (1732-1799)


Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.


Stupidity is its own reward.


If I could stick my pen in my heart,
I would spill it all over the stage.
Would it satisfy ya, would it slide on by ya,
Would you think the boy was strange?
Ain't he strange?
...
If I could stick a knife in my heart,
Suicide right on the stage,
Would it be enough for your teenage lust,
Would it help to ease the pain?
Ease your brain?
		-- Rolling Stones, "It's Only Rock'N Roll"


American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective
employees be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for
employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference
between the men's room and the women's room without having little
pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"


If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you;
but if you really make them think they'll hate you.


If being bi increases your chance of getting a date,
does being poly increase your chance of getting dumped?


Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to
measure progress.  Some cathedrals took a century to complete.  Can you
imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.


A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
		-- Patton


I wooed a stewed nude in Bermuda,
I was lewd, but my God! she was lewder.
	She said it was crude
	To be wooed in the nude--
I persued her, subdued her, and screwed her!


APHASIA:
	Loss of speech in social scientists when asked
	at parties, "But of what use is your research?"


You may be right, I may be crazy,
But maybe it's a lunatic you're looking for?
		-- Billy Joel


That girl could suck the chrome off a bumper.


Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.


I always say beauty is only sin deep.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald's Choir Treat"


A little bit of rape is good for a man's soul.
		-- Norman Mailer


The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be
taken seriously.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


God rest ye CS students now,		The bearings on the drum are gone,
Let nothing you dismay.			The disk is wobbling, too.
The VAX is down and won't be up,	We've found a bug in Lisp, and Algol
Until the first of May.			Can't tell false from true.
The program that was due this morn,	And now we find that we can't get
Won't be postponed, they say.		At Berkeley's 4.2.
(chorus)				(chorus)

We've just received a call from DEC,	And now some cheery news for you,
They'll send without delay		The network's also dead,
A monitor called RSuX			We'll have to print your files on
It takes nine hundred K.		The line printer instead.
The staff committed suicide,		The turnaround time's nineteen weeks.
We'll bury them today.			And only cards are read.
(chorus)				(chorus)

And now we'd like to say to you		CHORUS:	Oh, tidings of comfort and joy,
Before we go away,				Comfort and joy,
We hope the news we've brought to you		Oh, tidings of comfort and joy.
Won't ruin your whole day.
You've got another program due, tomorrow, by the way.
(chorus)
		-- to God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen


Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?"

In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?"
In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?"
In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?"
In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"


When does summertime come to Minnesota, you ask?
Well, last year, I think it was a Tuesday.


What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.


People who are funny and smart and return phone calls get
much better press than people who are just funny and smart.
		-- Howard Simons, "The Washington Post"


Big book, big bore.
		-- Callimachus


You will soon forget this.


It's important that people know what you stand for.
It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.


Life's too short to dance with ugly women.


He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


We must remember that in time of war what is said on the enemy's side of
the front is always propaganda and what is said on our side of the front
is truth and righteousness, the cause of humanity and a crusade for peace.
		-- Walter Lippmann


Such a fine first dream!
But they laughed at me; they said
I had made it up.


The fact that it works is immaterial.
		-- L. Ogborn


Journalism is literature in a hurry.
		-- Matthew Arnold


O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2


Memory fault -- brain fried


He'd kiss and the girls called him Georgie
They'd cry and the girls called him Porgie.
	So he put Spanish fly
	In their pudding and pie
And had the first tiny-tot orgy.


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


Cheit's Lament:
	If you help a friend in need, he is sure to remember you--
	the next time he's in need.


Canada is so square even the female impersonators are women.
		-- From the movie "Outrageous"


It's easy to forgive someone for being wrong;
it's much harder to forgive them for being right.


Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
		-- Evan Davis


May a deranged midget on a pogo stick
take refuge in your sister's hoop skirt.


A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.


I'd rather have fingers than toes,
I'd rather have ears than a nose,
	And a happy erection
	Brought just to perfection
Makes me terribly sad when it goes.


Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

It is a rule of evidence deduced from the experience of mankind and
supported by reason and authority that positive testimony is entitled to
more weight than negative testimony, but by the latter term is meant
negative testimony in its true sense and not positive evidence of a
negative, because testimony in support of a negative may be as positive
as that in support of an affirmative.
		-- 254 Pac. Rep. 472


Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
		-- Cornelia Otis Skinner


Worst Month of 1981 for Downhill Skiing:
	August.  The lift lines are the shortest, though.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


Ouch!  That felt good!
		-- Karen Gordon


