They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton


A lady with one of her ears applied
To an open keyhole heard, inside,
Two female gossips in converse free --
The subject engaging them was she.
"I think", said one, "and my husband thinks
That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!"
As soon as no more of it she could hear
The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
"I will not stay," she said with a pout,
"To hear my character lied about!"
		-- Gopete Sherany


Some of the most interesting documents from Sweden's middle ages are the
old county laws (well, we never had counties but it's the nearest equivalent
I can find for "landskap").  These laws were written down sometime in the
13th century, but date back even down into Viking times.  The oldest one is
the Vastgota law which clearly has pagan influences, thinly covered with some
Christian stuff.  In this law, we find a page about "lekare", which is the
Old Norse word for a performing artist, actor/jester/musician etc.  Here is
an approximate translation, where I have written "artist" as equivalent of
"lekare".
	"If an artist is beaten, none shall pay fines for it.  If an artist
	is wounded, one such who goes with hurdie-gurdie or travels with
	fiddle or drum, then the people shall take a wild heifer and bring
	it out on the hillside.  Then they shall shave off all hair from the
	heifer's tail, and grease the tail.  Then the artist shall be given
	newly greased shoes.  Then he shall take hold of the heifer's tail,
	and a man shall strike it with a sharp whip.  If he can hold her, he
	shall have the animal.  If he cannot hold her, he shall endure what
	he received, shame and wounds."


God is an atheist.


Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the
formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite
shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide
a grin.
		-- F. M. Colby, "Imaginary Obligations"


Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.


Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything
is possible but nothing of interest is easy.


Men have many faults,
	Women only two:
Everything they say,
	And everything they do!


Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
		-- Cornelia Otis Skinner


The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
		-- Andre Malraux


Too many of his [Mozart's] works sound like interoffice memos.
		-- Glenn Gould


Words are the voice of the heart.


Sailors in ships, sail on!
Even while we died, others rode out the storm.


If you live in New York, even if you're Catholic, you're Jewish.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Bill and Jim were walking home from work.  As they walked along, they
discussed their wives' spending habits.  "I don't understand how women
can spend so much money," Bill exclaimed.  "I mean, understand, she
don't drink, and she's got her own pussy!"


How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?


A day without sunshine is like night.


1: No code table for op: ++post


It is the business of little minds to shrink.
		-- Carl Sandburg


When Alexander Graham Bell died in 1922, the telephone people
interrupted service for one minute in his honor.  They've been
honoring him intermittently ever since, I believe.
		-- The Grab Bag


I've already told you more than I know.


In an organization, each person rises to the level of his own
incompetency
		-- The Peter Principle


Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way

Tired of lying in the sunshine		And then one day you find
Staying home to watch the rain		Ten years have got behind you
You are young and life is long		No one told you when to run
And there is time to kill today		You missed the starting gun

And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking
And racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death

Every year is getting shorter		Hanging on in quiet desperation
						is the English way
Never seem to find the time		The time is gone, the song is over
Plans that either come to nought	Thought I'd something more to say...
Or half a page of scribbled lines
		-- Pink Floyd, "Time"


It was New Year's Eve and the house was brightly decorated with holiday
trappings.  The only sound that broke the quiet was the click of Grandma's
knitting needles.  The children; Jane, eight and Mary, five, were seated
in front of a cheerily burning fire, leafing through a picture book.
Tiring of this, they went over to Grandma's rocker.  Jane climbed up on
the arm of the chair and Mary snuggled into Grandma's cozy lap.
	"Tell us a story," begged Mary.
	"Oh," said the old lady, laying aside her knitting and wrapping
her arms around the children.  "What story should I tell you?"
	"Tell us our favorite story," whispered little Jane eagerly.
"About the time you were a hooker in Chicago."


[Americans] are a race of convicts and ought to be thankful for anything
we allow them short of hanging.
		-- Samuel Johnson

America is a large friendly dog in a small room.  Every time it wags its
tail it knocks over a chair.
		-- Arnold Toynbee

The United States is like the guy at the party who gives cocaine to
everybody and still nobody likes him.
		-- Jim Samuels


One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.


Bit, n.:
	A unit of measure applied to color.  Twenty-four-bit color
	refers to expensive $3 color as opposed to the cheaper 25
	cent, or two-bit, color that use to be available a few years
	ago.


To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser


When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent


Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.


Important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the
mail.  Corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the
Boss is reading it.


If you're going to break up with your old lady and you live in a small
town, make sure you don't break up at three in the morning.  Because you're
screwed -- there's nothing to do ... So make it about nine in the morning,
... bullshit around, worry her a little, then come back at seven in the
night.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Women reason with the heart and are much less often wrong
than men who reason with the head.
		-- DeLescure


Q:	Why do women love Pacman?
A:	Only place you can get eaten three times for a quarter.


Nobody takes a bribe.  Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out
your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's
different.
		-- New York City Police Commissioner (Ret.) William P.
		   O'Brien, instructions to the force.


Diogenes, having abandoned his search for
truth, is now searching for a good fantasy.


You are wise, witty, and wonderful,
but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.


Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls ...
if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.


Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


They finally got King Midas, I hear.  Gild by association.


Man and wife make one fool.


		(to "The Caissons Go Rolling Along")
Scratch the disks, dump the core,	Shut it down, pull the plug
Roll the tapes across the floor,	Give the core an extra tug
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
Teletypes smashed to bits.		Mem'ry cards, one and all,
Give the scopes some nasty hits		Toss out halfway down the hall
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
And we've also found			Just flip one switch
When you turn the power down,		And the lights will cease to twitch
You turn the disk readers into trash.	And the tape drives will crumble
						in a flash.
Oh, it's so much fun,			When the CPU
Now the CPU won't run			Can print nothing out but "foo,"
And the system is going to crash.	The system is going to crash.


	In the beginning, God created the Earth and he said, "Let there be
mud."
	And there was mud.
	And God said, "Let Us make living creatures out of mud, so the mud
can see what we have done."
	And God created every living creature that now moveth, and one was
man.  Mud-as-man alone could speak.
	"What is the purpose of all this?" man asked politely.
	"Everything must have a purpose?" asked God.
	"Certainly," said man.
	"Then I leave it to you to think of one for all of this," said God.
	And He went away.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Between Time and Timbuktu"


Interchangeable parts won't.


You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
		-- Katharine Fullerton Gerould


Narcolepulacyi, n.:
	The contagious action of yawning, causing everyone in sight
	to also yawn.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


XXXI:
	The optimum committee has no members.
XXXII:
	Hiring consultants to conduct studies can be an excellent means of
	turning problems into gold -- your problems into their gold.
XXXIII:
	Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
XXXIV:
	The process of competitively selecting contractors to perform work
	is based on a system of rewards and penalties, all distributed
	randomly.
XXXV:
	The weaker the data available upon which to base one's conclusion,
	the greater the precision which should be quoted in order to give
	the data authenticity.
		-- Norman Augustine


Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


Every Horse has an Infinite Number of Legs (proof by intimidation):

Horses have an even number of legs.  Behind they have two legs, and in
front they have fore-legs.  This makes six legs, which is certainly an
odd number of legs for a horse.  But the only number that is both even
and odd is infinity.  Therefore, horses have an infinite number of
legs.  Now to show this for the general case, suppose that somewhere,
there is a horse that has a finite number of legs.  But that is a horse
of another color, and by the [above] lemma ["All horses are the same
color"], that does not exist.


Yesterday I was a dog.  Today I'm a dog.
Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog.
Sigh!  There's so little hope for advancement.
		-- Snoopy


You humans are all alike.


Has everyone noticed that all the letters of the word "database" are typed
with the left hand?  Now the layout of the QWERTYUIOP typewriter keyboard
was designed, among other things, to facilitate the even use of both hands.
It follows, therefore, that writing about databases is not only unnatural,
but a lot harder than it appears.


Never accept an invitation from a stranger unless he gives you candy.
		-- Linda Festa


	Harry constantly irritated his friends with his eternal optimism.
No matter how bad the situation, he would always say, "Well, it could have
been worse."
	To cure him of his annoying habit, his friends decided to invent a
situation so completely black, so dreadful, that even Harry could find no
hope in it.  Approaching him at the club bar one day, one of them said,
"Harry!  Did you hear what happened to George?  He came home last night,
found his wife in bed with another man, shot them both, and then turned
the gun on himself!"
	"Terrible," said Harry.  "But it could have been worse."
	"How in hell," demanded his dumbfounded friend, "could it possibly
have been worse?"
	"Well," said Harry, "if it had happened the night before, I'd be
dead right now."


If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.


	A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his
wife asked "What have you got there?"  Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."


Iles's Law:
	There is always an easier way to do it.  When looking directly
	at the easy way, especially for long periods, you will not see
	it.  Neither will Iles.


	"I don't know what you mean by `glory,'" Alice said
	Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.  "Of course you don't --
till I tell you.  I meant `there's a nice knock-down argument for
you!'"
	"But glory doesn't mean `a nice knock-down argument,'" Alice
objected.
	"When I use a word," Humpty Dumpty said, in a rather scornful
tone, "it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor
less."
	"The question is," said Alice, "whether you can make words mean
so many different things."
	"The question is," said Humpty Dumpty, "which is to be master--
that's all."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


I know you think you thought you knew what you thought I said,
but I'm not sure you understood what you thought I meant.


Reach out and fuck someone.


All constants are variables.


Short people get rained on last.


[Washington, D.C.] is the home of... taste for
the people -- the big, the bland and the banal.
		-- Ada Louise Huxtable


The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they
are right and when they are wrong, are more powerful than is generally
understood.  Indeed, the world is ruled by little else.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


It is contrary to reasoning to say that there
is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
		-- Rene Descartes


Q:	What is the difference between Texas and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has culture.


: is not an identifier


If they sent one man to the moon, why can't they send them all?


It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity... {to do almost
anything in any language}.  However, the fact that it is possible to push
a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible
way of getting it there.  Each of these techniques of language extension
should be used in its proper place.
		-- Christopher Strachey


IF A KID ASKS YOU where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him
is, "God is crying."  And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing
to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did."
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
		-- Scotty


Crusade for Cthulhu!  It Found ME!


This fortune cookie program out of order.  For those in desperate
need, please use the program "randchar".  This program generates
random characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come
up with something profound.  It will, however, take it no time at
all to be more profound than THIS program has ever been.


You have only to mumble a few words in church to get married
and few words in your sleep to get divorced.


You're already carrying the sphere!


Diogenes, having abandoned his search for
truth, is now searching for a good fantasy.


Once upon a time there were three coeds -- a big coed, a medium-sized coed,
and a little, tiny coed.  One night they came home from a dance, and the big
coed said, "Someone's been sleeping in my bed!"
	The medium-sized coed looked in her room and said, "Someone's been
sleeping in my bed!"
	And the little, tiny coed said, "Well, nighty-night, girls!"


The acrobats - Tom and Louise-
Do an act in the nude on their knees.
	They crawl down the aisle
	While screwing dog-style,
As the orchestra plays Kilmer's "Trees."


We all declare for liberty, but in using the
same word we do not all mean the same thing.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Si Dieu n'existait pas, il faudrait l'inventer.
		-- Voltaire


He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is.


One day a city dweller decided to take a ride in the country.  He hopped
into his sportscar, wandered along the highway for a while and then exited
to some very rural dirt roads in the middle of farm country.  After awhile,
he came across a farmer who clearly working his fields.  The funny thing was,
the farmer didn't seem to be wearing any pants.  The man got out of his car
and approached the farmer.
	"Hey, buddy," he asked, "how come you're not wearing any clothes?"
	Replied the farmer, "Well, boy, th' other day I was out a-workin'
in the fields, an' I plum fergot t' wear mah shirt.  Got back to th' house
that night, and mah neck was stiffer than an oak-wood board.  This here's
mah wife's idea."


Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.


So, your daughter was voted "Most Likely to Conceive",
and you're still drinking ordinary scotch?


curtation n. The enforced compression of a string in the fixed-length field
environment.
	The problem of fitting extremely variable-length strings such as names,
addresses, and item descriptions into fixed-length records is no trivial
matter.  Neglect of the subtle art of curtation has probably alienated more
people than any other aspect of data processing.  You order Mozart's "Don
Giovanni" from your record club, and they invoice you $24.95 for MOZ DONG.
The witless mapping of the sublime onto the ridiculous!  Equally puzzling is
the curtation that produces the same eight characters, THE BEST, whether you
order "The Best of Wagner", "The Best of Schubert", or "The Best of the Turds".
Similarly, wine lovers buying from computerized wineries twirl their glasses,
check their delivery notes, and inform their friends, "A rather innocent,
possibly overtruncated CAB SAUV 69 TAL."  The squeezing of fruit into 10
columns has yielded such memorable obscenities as COX OR PIP.  The examples
cited are real, and the curtational methodology which produced them is still
with us.

MOZ DONG n.
	Curtation of Don Giovanni by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Lorenzo da
Ponte, as performed by the computerized billing ensemble of the Internat'l
Preview Society, Great Neck (sic), N.Y.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Bachelors' wives and old maids' children are always perfect.
		-- Nicolas Chamfort


I turned my air conditioner the other way around, and it got cold out.
The weatherman said "I don't understand it.  I was supposed to be 80
degrees today," and I said "Oops."

In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above... so
I never have to go upstairs.

I just bought a microwave fireplace... You can spend an evening in
front of it in only eight minutes.
		-- Steven Wright


Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex.
		-- Ellyn Mustard


Physicists do it with charm.


Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if each acts like a vulture,
all will end as doves.


Psychotherapy is the theory that the patient will probably get well
anyhow and is certainly a damn fool.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Bondage, or as the French call it, ligottage, is the gentle art of tying up
your sex partner --- not to overcome reluctance but to boost orgasm.  It's
one unscheduled sex technique which a lot of people find extremely exciting
but are scared to try, and a venerable human resource for increasing sexual
feeling, partly because it's a harmless expression of sexual aggression --
something we badly need, our culture being very uptight about it -- and more
because of its physical affects: slow orgasm when unable to move is a
mind-blowing experience for anyone not too frightened of their own aggressive
self to try it.
		-- The Joy of Sex


LEVERAGE:
	Even if someone doesn't care what the world thinks
	about them, they always hope their mother doesn't find out.


If guns are outlawed, how will we shoot the liberals?


UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.


Trust your husband, adore your husband,
and get as much as you can in your own name.
		-- Joan Rivers


Pick another fortune cookie.


If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.


No one has a higher opinion of him than he has.
		-- Greg Lehey, FreeBSDcon 1999


The Thought Police are here.  They've come
To put you under cardiac arrest.
And as they drag you through the door
They tell you that you've failed the test.
		-- Buggles, "Living in the Plastic Age"


When democracy granted democratic methods to us in times of opposition, this
was bound to happen in a democratic system.  However, we National Socialists
never asserted that we represented a democratic point of view, but we have
declared openly that we used the democratic methods only to gain power and
that, after assuming the power, we would deny to our adversaries without any
consideration the means which were granted to us in times of our opposition.
		-- Josef Goebbels


It looked like something resembling white marble, which was
probably what it was: something resembling white marble.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


When a woman marries again it is because she detested her first husband.
When a man marries again, it is because he adored his first wife.
		-- Wilde


He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.


Last night I met upon the stair
A little man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today.
Gee how I wish he'd go away!


Rumour has it that the intrepid New Zealanders have finally discovered
two new uses for sheep.  Meat and wool.


Rodeo fuck, n.:
	When you lean down and whisper in your lover's ear, "Honey, you're
	the worst piece of ass I've ever had!".  And then try to stay on
	for seven seconds...


One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
		-- George Herbert


God help those who do not help themselves.
		-- Wilson Mizner


