The bottom-up approach always gets me buggered.
		-- Sidney J. Hurtubise


Posterity will ne'er survey
A nobler grave than this;
Here lie the bones of Castlereagh;
Stop, traveler, and piss.
		-- Lord Byron, on Lord Castlereagh


If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.


The most advantageous, pre-eminent thing thou canst do is not to
exhibit nor display thyself within the limits of our galaxy, but
rather depart instantaneously whence thou even now standest and
flee to yet another rotten planet in the universe, if thou canst
have the good fortune to find one.
		-- Carlyle


Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
		-- Randy Goebel


When a lot of remedies are suggested for
a disease, that means it can't be cured.
		-- Chekhov, "The Cherry Orchard"


It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their
dignity.


8 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You rarely (if ever) find beer labels on the shower curtain rod.
 2. A beer doesn't care when you come.
 3. Beer doesn't have a mother.
 4. Beer doesn't need much closet space.
 5. A beer won't accuse you of lying when you say you read Playboy
	"just for the articles".
 6. Beer doesn't mind seeing Chuck Norris and Charles Bronson flicks.
 7.  Beer doesn't always want to go to the 'powder room' with everyone
	else's beer.
 8. When you're through with a beer, the thought of another beer doesn't
	make you ill.


Those who can, do; those who can't, write.
Those who can't write work for the Bell Labs Record.


The courtroom was pregnant (pun intended) with anxious silence as the
judge solemnly considered his verdict in the paternity suit before him.
Suddenly, he reached into the folds of his robes, drew out a cigar and
ceremoniously handed it to the defendant.
	"Congratulations!" declaimed the jurist.  "You have just become a
father!"


Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb


Clone, n.:
	1. An exact duplicate, as in "our product is a clone of their
	product."  2. A shoddy, spurious copy, as in "their product
	is a clone of our product."


TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin
real fast and freak everybody out.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher,
and philosophy begins in wonder.
		Socrates, quoting Plato


QOTD:
	"He's a perfectionist.  If he married Raquel Welch, he'd expect
	her to cook."


Kill a commy for your mommy.


Lighten up, while you still can,
Don't even try to understand,
Just find a place to make your stand,
And take it easy.
		-- The Eagles, "Take It Easy"


After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.


Moderation in all things.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer [Terence]


Saturday night in Toledo Ohio,
Is like being nowhere at all,
All through the day how the hours rush by,
You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
		-- John Denver, "Saturday Night in Toledo Ohio"


All syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism.


Rugby, n.:
	Elegant violence.

	(Rugby players eat their dead.)
	(Blood makes the grass grow!)
	(Support your local hooker!  Play rugby!)

	[A "hooker" is part of the scrum.  Thought you'd want to know.  Ed.]


He used to kiss her on her lips, but it's all over now.


I was a cock-teaser at Rooster Rama.
I used to enrage the bantams before the big bouts.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
		-- Mel Ferentz


I love to eat them Smurfies
Smurfies what I love to eat
Bite they ugly heads off,
Nibble on they bluish feet.


Radicalism:
	The conservatism of tomorrow injected into the affairs of today.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Office Automation, n.:
	The use of computers to improve efficiency in the office
	by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.


If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad,
he should see how bad it is with representation.


I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.  A Chihuahua isn't a dog.
It's a rat with a thyroid problem.


You cannot have a science without measurement.
		-- R. W. Hamming


Q:	Where does Catwoman go for a good time?
A:	To the batpoles, Robin!


Him:	"Your skin is so soft.  Are you a model?"
Her:	"No,"  [blush]  "I'm a cosmetologist."
Him:	"Really? That's incredible...
	It must be very tough to handle weightlessness."
		-- "The Jerk"


I don't like spinach, and I'm glad I don't,
because if I liked it I'd eat it, and I'd just hate it.
		-- Clarence Darrow


There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life
is the process of discovering them over and over and over.
		-- David Nichols


As I argued in "Beloved Son", a book about my son Brian and the subject of
religious communes and cults, one result of proper early instruction in the
methods of rational thought will be to make sudden mindless conversions --
to anything -- less likely.  Brian now realizes this and has, after eleven
years, left the sect he was associated with.  The problem is that once the
untrained mind has made a formal commitment to a religious philosophy --
and it does not matter whether that philosophy is generally reasonable and
high-minded or utterly bizarre and irrational -- the powers of reason are
surprisingly ineffective in changing the believer's mind.
		-- Steve Allen


QOTD:
	"She's about as smart as bait."


Are we running light with overbyte?


It's hard not to like a man of many qualities,
even if most of them are bad.


We've tried each spinning space mote
And reckoned its true worth:
Take us back again to the homes of men
On the cool, green hills of Earth.

The arching sky is calling
Spacemen back to their trade.
All hands!  Standby!  Free falling!
And the lights below us fade.
Out ride the sons of Terra,
Far drives the thundering jet,
Up leaps the race of Earthmen,
Out, far, and onward yet--

We pray for one last landing
On the globe that gave us birth;
Let us rest our eyes on the fleecy skies
And the cool, green hills of Earth.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, 1941


I am a PC technician - however, this has unfortunately caused my
computer to be running Win98.
		-- seen on a FreeBSD mailing-list


	"I'm looking for adventure, excitement, beautiful women," cried the
young man to his father as he prepared to leave home.  "Don't try to stop me.
I'm on my way."
	"Who's trying to stop you?" shouted the father.  "Take me along!"


The only cultural advantage LA has over NY is that you can make a
right turn on a red light.
		-- Woody Allen


If you do something right once, someone will ask you to do it again.


Hailing frequencies open, Captain.


Chorus:
	Grandma got run over by a reindeer,
	Walking home from our house Christmas eve.
	You can say there's no such thing as Santa,
	But as for me and Grandpa, we believe!
She'd been drinking too much eggnog,
And we begged her not to go.
But she'd forgot her medication,	When we found her Christmas morning,
And she staggered through the door	At the scene of the attack.
	out in the snow.		She had hoofprints on her forehead,
					And incriminating claus-marks on her
Now we're all so proud of Grandpa,		back.
He's been taking this so well.
See him in there watching football.	I've warned all my friends and
Drinking beer and playing cards			neighbors,
	with cousin Mel.		Better watch out for yourselves!
					They should never give a license,
					To a man who drives a sleigh and
						plays with elves!
		-- Elmo and Patsy, "Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer"


Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.


Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some sheep's
testicles for a bet...  God, that bloody sheep kicked him!
		-- Ripping Yarns


The trouble with the rat-race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
		-- Lily Tomlin


It is sweet to let the mind unbend on occasion.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
		-- Paul Valery


Advertisements contain the only
truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to work.


My mother wants grandchildren, so I said, "Mom, go for it!"
		-- Sue Murphy


I only know what I read in the papers.
		-- Will Rogers


Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.


Hear about...
	the new vitamin made from chicken blood,
	it makes men cocky and women lay better?


Q:	What do you call a TV set that fixes itself?
A:	A Christian Science Monitor.


A young boy is told by his puritanical father than he should never have
sex with a woman, because a woman has teeth in her vagina and will bite
off his penis.
	The years go by, and the boy finally marries.  After a rather
uninspiring honeymoon his wife finally confronts him and demands that he
tell her why he won't make love to her.
	"Well, honey," he replies.  "You have... teeth... down there."
	"What!?" she replies unbelievingly.  "No I don't!  Honest, darling,
come here and look for yourself."
	The man rather hesitantly examines her very thoroughly.
	"There!" his wife says triumphantly.  "Now do you believe me?"
	"Yes," replied her husband.  "And your gums are in *terrible*
condition."


From the Pro 350 Pocket Service Guide, p. 49, Step 5 of the
instructions on removing an I/O board from the card cage, comes a new
experience in sound:

	5.  Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees.  The pin-spreading
	    sound is normal for this type of connector.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Go away.  You bother me.
	Why?  Because life is unfair.
	That's a nice drawing.  What is it?
	Children should be seen and not heard.
	You'll be the death of me.
	You'll understand when you're older.
	Because.
	Wipe that smile off your face.
	I don't believe you.
	How many times have I told you to be careful?
	Just because.


Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
		-- a Mary Chung's fortune cookie


Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.


Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars and, Pluto, but not necessarily in
that order.
		-- George Michaelson


... an anecdote from IBM's Yorktown Heights Research Center.  When a
programmer used his new computer terminal, all was fine when he was sitting
down, but he couldn't log in to the system when he was standing up.  That
behavior was 100 percent repeatable: he could always log in when sitting and
never when standing.

Most of us just sit back and marvel at such a story; how could that terminal
know whether the poor guy was sitting or standing?  Good debuggers, though,
know that there has to be a reason.  Electrical theories are the easiest to
hypothesize: was there a loose wire under the carpet, or problems with static
electricity?  But electrical problems are rarely consistently reproducible.
An alert IBMer finally noticed that the problem was in the terminal's keyboard:
the tops of two keys were switched.  When the programmer was seated he was a
touch typist and the problem went unnoticed, but when he stood he was led
astray by hunting and pecking.
		-- from the Programming Pearls column,
		   by Jon Bentley in CACM February 1985


Every young man should have a hobby: learning how to handle money is
the best one.
		-- Jack Hurley


A businessman was awe-struck by the beautiful redhead at the hotel bar.
Seeing his interest, she quietly informed him that she was a prostitute
and that her price was $500.  He was taken aback by the price, but after
a few minutes of thought he took her up to his room.  She spent a few
minutes in the bathroom and was shocked when she came out to see him
masturbating furiously on the bed.  "What are you doing?", she asked.
	"Baby, for $500, you're not going to get the easy one!"


No committee could ever come up with anything as revolutionary as a
camel -- anything as practical and as perfectly designed to perform
effectively under such difficult conditions.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


Hear about...
	the handsome bachelor Senator who hired a ravishing blonde as his
	assistant and then made her the object of a long Congressional probe?


When the doubt vanishes and the issue becomes evident, stupidity reigns.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


	Will Rogers, having paid too much income tax one year, tried in
vain to claim a rebate.  His numerous letters and queries remained
unanswered.  Eventually the form for the next year's return arrived.  In
the section marked "DEDUCTIONS," Rogers listed: "Bad debt, US Government
-- $40,000."


ACADEMY:
	A modern school where football is taught.
INSTITUTE:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.


Flowchart, n. & v.:
	[From flow "to ripple down in rich profusion, as hair" + chart
"a cryptic hidden-treasure map designed to mislead the uninitiated."]
1. n. The solution, if any, to a class of Mascheroni construction
problems in which given algorithms require geometrical representation
using only the 35 basic ideograms of the ANSI template.  2. n. Neronic
doodling while the system burns.  3. n. A low-cost substitute for
wallpaper.  4. n.  The innumerate misleading the illiterate.  "A
thousand pictures is worth ten lines of code." -- The Programmer's
Little Red Vade Mecum, Mao Tse T'umps.  5. v.intrans. To produce
flowcharts with no particular object in mind.  6. v.trans. To obfuscate
(a problem) with esoteric cartoons.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild
and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned
all hope of ever behaving "normally."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"


We must remember the First Amendment which
protects any shrill jackass no matter how self-seeking.
		-- F. G. Withington


Every Horse has an Infinite Number of Legs (proof by intimidation):

Horses have an even number of legs.  Behind they have two legs, and in
front they have fore-legs.  This makes six legs, which is certainly an
odd number of legs for a horse.  But the only number that is both even
and odd is infinity.  Therefore, horses have an infinite number of
legs.  Now to show this for the general case, suppose that somewhere,
there is a horse that has a finite number of legs.  But that is a horse
of another color, and by the [above] lemma ["All horses are the same
color"], that does not exist.


Liar, n.:
	A lawyer with a roving commission.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Today's scientific question is: What in the world is electricity?

And where does it go after it leaves the toaster?
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Said Einstein, "I have an equation
Which to some may seem Rabelaisian:
	Let _V be virginity
	Approaching infinity;
Let _P be a constant persuasion;

"Let _V over _P be inverted
With the square root of _M_u inserted
	_N times into _V ...
	The result, Q.E.D.,
Is a relative!"  Einstein asserted.


The Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost would never throw the Devil
out of Heaven as long as they still need him as a fourth for bridge.
		-- Letter in NEW LIBERTARIAN NOTES #19


"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not
Compute' -- I forget which."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days,
but left to itself, a cold will hang on for a week.
		-- Darrell Huff


We've got things well in hand.
		-- Master Byte Software, Los Gatos California


Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a
terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.


Star Wars is adolescent nonsense; Close Encounters is obscurantist drivel;
Star Trek can turn your brains to puree of bat guano; and the greatest
science fiction series of all time is Doctor Who!  And I'll take you all
on, one-by-one or all in a bunch to back it up!
		-- Harlan Ellison


For gin, in cruel
Sober truth,
Supplies the fuel
For flaming youth.
		-- Noel Coward


In marriage, as in war, it is permitted
to take every advantage of the enemy.


Did you know?
		EVERY TIME A LOAF OF BREAD IS BAKED,
			   APPROXIMATELY
		       150,000,000 YEASTS ARE
			      KILLED

		 Come to the award-winning 1987 film,
		  "The Very Small and Quiet Screams"
	-- a cinematic electromicrograph of yeasts being baked.

A must for those who care about yeast, and especially for those who don't.

			     SPONSORED BY
		Brown Anaerobe Rights Coalition (BARC)
	       Student Bakers for Social Responsibility
	      Coalition for the ELevation of Life (CELL)
		   Campus Crusade for Fetal Matters

Defend all life: "From greatest to least, from human to yeast!"


Woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool.
		-- Cervantes


Not that we needed all that stuff, but when you get locked into a
serious drug collection the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


A group of scientists discovered an apelike creature in the jungle, which
they hoped would prove to be the missing link.  The proof of their theory,
however, required that a human mate with the animal so that they could see
what characteristics the offspring would assume.  Needing volunteers, the
scientists placed an ad in the paper: "$5000 to mate with ape."
	Almost immediately, they received response from a man who said he
would be willing to take part in the experiment, with three conditions.
	"First," he said, "my wife must never know.  Second, any children
must be baptized.  And, third, I'd have to pay in installments."


Ouch mosquito, silent by night,
Why pierce my skin, so white?
You grow plump, as a leech.
Stop!  I beseech (in vein).

I have no choice.
Why waste my voice,
When only a slap will do?
Ouch, I am bitten!
What ho, you are smitten!
Yo mosquito, fuck you.
		-- Mitchell Peck, "Ouch, Mosquito"


When God created two sexes, he may have been overdoing it.
		-- Charles Merrill Smith


What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.


Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.


Vandalism On The Upswing!
	Last night, windows were broken and graffiti was sprayed over the
	front of the local sex shop, Le Sex Boutique, causing several hundred
	dollars in damage.  In a later anonymous phone call, the provisional
	wing of the Salvation Army claimed responsibility.


Several years ago, some smart businessmen had an idea: Why not build a
big store where a do-it-yourselfer could get everything he needed at
reasonable prices?  Then they decided, nah, the hell with that, let's
build a home center.  And before long home centers were springing up
like crabgrass all over the United States.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedom.
		-- Justice Douglas


Let us live!!!
Let us love!!!
Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls!!!

You first.


In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals.
You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.


Tallulah Bankhead barged down the
Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic


An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.


	While hunting, a man saw a beautiful nude woman come running out of
the woods and disappear across the clearing.  Just as she got out of sight,
three men dressed in white uniforms came running out of the same woods.
"Hey, you," yelled one of them, "did you see a woman come by here?"
	"Yes," replied the hunter.  "What's the trouble?"
	"She's an inmate of the county asylum, and gets loose every now and
then.  We're trying to catch her."
	"I can understand that," said the hunter, "But why is one of you
carrying a bucket of sand?"
	"That's his handicap," said the spokesman, "he caught her last time."


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #6

	"Johnny, if you fall and break your leg, don't come running to me!"
		-- Mrs. Emily Barstow, June 16, 1954


ALL NEW:
	Parts not interchangeable with previous model.


The Kennedy Constant:
	Don't get mad -- get even.


If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


If you fail to plan, plan to fail.


A man would still do something out of sheer perversity - he would create
destruction and chaos - just to gain his point... and if all this could in
turn be analyzed and prevented by predicting that it would occur, then man
would deliberately go mad to prove his point.
		-- Feodor Dostoevsky, "Notes From the Underground"


	A man was just settling down into his seat for a cross-country
flight when he noticed a beautiful woman sitting next to him, wearing a
large button with the letters "NAA" on it.
	"What's that?" he asked, pointing to her button.
	"Nymphomaniacs Association of America" she replied.
	After a moments thought he said, "Well, if you wouldn't mind my
asking, but I've always wanted to know, who are the best, ummm, `endowed'
men?"
	"Well, it's not what you think.  Native Americans.  They're better
hung than *anybody*."
	"And is it true that the French are the best lovers?"
	"No, Jewish men.  Once you finally get them going they can last
all night.  By the way, my name is Sue.  What's yours?"
	"Running Bear Sheldon."


I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it.
If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it.
It's the truth.
		-- Charlie Chaplin


Experiments must be reproducible; they should all fail in the same way.


There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.


My daddy's brains was so scrambled he thought he was Jesus.  They put him
in a nut house for 5 years and when he got out, he didn't think he was
Jesus, he thought he was *God*! ... Which made me Jesus.
		-- T. Bywater


Mathematicians take it to the limit.


The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.


Mrs. Kelly is partial to cocks;
Mr. Kelly likes rye on the rocks.
	When he's under the weather
	They can't get together,
So others get into her box.


Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run
like a staff function."
		-- Paul Licker


We must remember the First Amendment which
protects any shrill jackass no matter how self-seeking.
		-- F. G. Withington


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3

MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET:
	Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and
	tries to make it big on Broadway.  Santa sings and dances his way
	into your heart.


What this country needs is a good five cent nickel.


Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally
promoting a falsehood, isn't it?
		-- A. Hope


From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.


The Microsoft Exchange MTA Stacks service depends on the Microsoft Exchange
System Attendant service which failed to start because of the following
error:

The operation completed successfully.

For more information, see Help and Support Center at
http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp.


Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom.
It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.
		-- William Pitt, 1783


I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
		-- Joe Walsh


Yours is not to reason why,
Just to Sail Away.
And when you find you have to throw
Your Legacy away;
Remember life as was it is,
And is as it were;
Chasing sounds across the galaxy
'Till silence is but a blur.
		-- QYX


Well, you got your mules and you got your racehorses, and you can kick
a mule in the ass all you want, and he's still not gonna be a racehorse.
		-- Billy Martin, "Esquire", May, 1984


I was working on a case.  It had to be a case, because I couldn't afford a
desk.  Then I saw her.  This tall blond lady.  She must have been tall
because I was on the third floor.  She rolled her deep blue eyes towards
me.  I picked them up and rolled them back.  We kissed.  She screamed.  I
took the cigarette from my mouth and kissed her again.


When the prick stands up, the brains get buried in the ground.
		-- Old Jewish saying

[How come there aren't ever any "New Jewish sayings?"  Ed.]


Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall,
Aleph-null bottles of beer,
	You take one down, and pass it around,
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.


Evening hours "all clear" for romance!
(Tell mate you have to work late.)


The most important early product on the way
to developing a good product is an imperfect version.


You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
		-- Smile, "Was (Not Was)"


Fakir, n.:
	A psychologist whose charismatic data have inspired almost
	religious devotion in his followers, even though the sources
	seem to have shinnied up a rope and vanished.


Q:	What do you get when you stuff a flaming stick down a rabbit-hole?
A:	Hot cross bunnies!


Men freely believe that what they wish to desire.
		-- Julius Caesar


I'll be comfortable on the couch.  Famous last words.
		-- Lenny Bruce


