Young men think old men are fools;
but old men know young men are fools.
		-- George Chapman


It is better to be on penicillin, than never to have loved at all.


I think it is true for all _n. I was just playing it safe with _n >= 3
because I couldn't remember the proof.
		-- Baker, Pure Math 351a


Neutron bomb, n.:
	An explosive device of limited military value because, as
	it only destroys people without destroying property, it
	must be used in conjunction with bombs that destroy property.


Happiness is twin floppies.


God instructs the heart, not by ideas,
but by pains and contradictions.
		-- De Caussade


Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Some people say a front-engine car handles best.  Some people say a
rear-engine car handles best.  I say a rented car handles best.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


QOTD:
	"If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection."


I love being married.  It's so great to find that one special
person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
		-- Rita Rudner


Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy

Don't get even, get jewelry.
		-- Anonymous


No one becomes depraved in a moment.
		-- Decimus Junius Juvenalis


You can move the world with an idea,
but you have to think of it first.


So now
that you have-

you know, whoever

you're trying
to do

a favor
for

-you've done it-

and I'm sure
you had

a smirk
on your mouth

as you got me
into this.
		-- "To Linda", from The Poetry Of H. Ross Perot,
		   composed for Linda Wertheimer of National Public
		   Radio.  From SPY Magazine, November 1992


It's better to be pissed off than pissed on.


Little Boy Blue -- He needed the money.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


When the prick stands up, the brains get buried in the ground.
		-- Old Jewish saying

[How come there aren't ever any "New Jewish sayings?"  Ed.]


Driving in Texas is simple.  For the first 100 miles you swerve to
avoid jackrabbits.  For the second 100 miles you hit whatever
jackrabbits get in the way.  After that you chase off into the
brush after them.


This time it's for love; next time it's $100.00.


The mother of the year should be a sterilized woman with two
adopted children.
		-- Paul Ehrlich


The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel


Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".


WASP, n.:
	Someone who gets out of the shower to take a piss.


I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the
reader.  But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if
I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
		-- Stephen King


Accuracy, n.:
	The vice of being right.


A diplomat is a man who can tell you to
go to hell and make the trip sound pleasurable.
		-- Samuel Clemens


There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal
friend.  They may know something that we don't.  They are probably
avoiding a great deal of pain.


A sense of desolation and uncertainty, of futility, of the baselessness
of aspirations, of the vanity of endeavor, and a thirst for a life giving
water which seems suddenly to have failed, are the signs in consciousness
of this necessary reorganization of our lives.

It is difficult to believe that this state of mind can be produced by the
recognition of such facts as that unsupported stones always fall to the
ground.
		-- J. W. N. Sullivan


The day will come when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the Supreme Being
as his Father, in the womb of a virgin will be classified with the fable of
the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter.  But we may hope that the
dawn of reason and freedom of thought in these United States will do away with
this artificial scaffolding and restore to us the primitive and genuine
doctrines of this most venerated Reformer of human errors.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die.


As for the women, though we scorn and flout 'em,
We may live with, but cannot live without 'em.
		-- Frederic Reynolds


SAN DIEGO:
	Four million people, where you can't get a
	good cheeseburger, no matter how hard you try.


The good thing about masturbation is that you don't have to dress up for it.
		-- Truman Capote


Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden:  Languages
whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful.  The LISP machine now permits
LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.


It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.


The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate
it.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


Obscenity is the crutch of inarticulate motherfuckers.


Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.


The rich man uses Vaseline,
	The poor man uses lard;
The worker uses axle grease
	But gets it twice as hard.


TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin
real fast and freak everybody out.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


A lover without indiscretion is no lover at all.
		-- Thomas Hardy


Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- William Shakespeare


Feeling amorous, she looked under the sheets and cried, "Oh, no,
it's Microsoft!"


My mother was a test tube; my father was a knife.
		-- Friday


Round Numbers are always false.
		-- Samuel Johnson


You have been selected for a secret mission.


Didja' ever have to make up your mind,
Pick up on one and leave the other behind,
It's not often easy, and it's not often kind,
Didja' ever have to make up your mind?
		-- Lovin' Spoonful


There are twenty-five people left in the world,
and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.
		-- Ed Sanders


In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


If you can not say it, you can not whistle it, either.
		-- Wittgenstein


If one tells the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out.
		-- Oscar Wilde,
		   "Phrases and Philosophies for the Use of the Young"


Runners do it alone.


If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus


I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd
listen to it!
		-- Tom Galloway with apologies to Voltaire


I do not fear computers.  I fear the lack of them.
		-- Isaac Asimov


It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be
unhappy.
		-- Groucho Marx


The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she
served the family nothing but leftovers.  The original meal has never
been found.
		-- Calvin Trillin


Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth but supreme beauty --
a beauty cold and austere, like that of a sculpture, without appeal to any
part of our weaker nature, without the gorgeous trapping of painting or music,
yet sublimely pure, and capable of a stern perfection such as only the
greatest art can show.  The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense
of being more than man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is
to be found in mathematics as surely as in poetry.
		-- Bertrand Russell


My brain is my second favorite organ.
		-- Woody Allen


I was in a beauty contest once.  I not only came in last, I was hit in
the mouth by Miss Congeniality.
		-- Phyllis Diller


He's a son-of-a-bitch, but he's our son-of-a-bitch.
		-- FDR on Nicaraguan dictator Anastasio Somoza


We know next to nothing about virtually everything.  It is not necessary
to know the origin of the universe; it is necessary to want to know.
Civilization depends not on any particular knowledge, but on the disposition
to crave knowledge.
		-- George Will


The notion of a "record" is an obsolete
remnant of the days of the 80-column card.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


Good day to let down old friends who need help.


A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.


Frankfort, Kentucky, makes it against the law to shoot off a
policeman's tie.


GIVE UP!!!!


Office Automation, n.:
	The use of computers to improve efficiency in the office
	by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.


Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or
situations that can't bear inspection.


This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.
Had there been an actual emergency, then you would no longer be here.


Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.


	What is involved in such [close] relationships is a form of emotional
chemistry, so far unexplained by any school of psychiatry I am aware of, that
conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and
repulsion.  You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and
they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor
passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.  Conversely,
all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice
and they remain permanent influences on your life.
	Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen
as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.  The chemical action it entails is
less worth analyzing than enjoying.  At any rate, these six pieces are about
men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's
more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word "empathy".
		-- Alistair Cooke, "Six Men"


Song Title of the Week:
	"They're putting dimes in the hole in my head to see the change
in me."


	"Well, it's a little rough... it might not be necessary to drag him 40
blocks.  Maybe just four.  You could put him in the trunk for the first 36
blocks, then haul him out and drag him the last four; that would certainly
scare the piss out of him, bumping alone the street, feeling all his skin being
ripped off..."
	"He'd be a bloody mess.  They might think he was just some drunk and
let him lie there all night."
	"Don't worry about that.  They have a guard station in front of the
White House that's open 24 hours a day.  The guards would recognize Colson...
and by that time of course his wife would have called the cops and reported
that a bunch of thugs had kidnapped him."
	"Wouldn't it be a little kinder if you drove about four more blocks
and stopped at a phone box to ring the hospital and say, 'Would you mind going
around to the front of the White House?  There's a naked man lying outside
in the street, bleeding to death...'"
	"... and we think it's Mr. Colson."
	"It would be quite a story for the newspapers, wouldn't it?"
	"Yeah, I think it's safe to say we'd see some headlines on that one."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, talking to R. Steadman on C. Colson,
		   ex-Marine captain, now born again, of Watergate fame.


Anything is possible, unless it's not.


Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

DC	Divide and Conquer
DMPK	Destroy Memory Protect Key
DO	Divide and Overflow
EMPC	Emulate Pocket Calculator
EPI	Execute Programmer Immediately
EROS	Erase Read Only Storage
EXCE	Execute Customer Engineer
HCF	Halt and Catch Fire
IBP	Insert Bug and Proceed
INSQSW	Insert into queue somewhere (for FINO queues [First in never out])
PBC	Print and Break Chain
PDSK	Punch Disk


The man-hating woman, like the cold woman, is largely imaginary.  She
is simply a woman who has done her best to snare a man and has failed.
		-- Norton


Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
there is nothing important to do.


The Psblurtex is an 18-inch long anaconda that hides in the gentlemen's
outfitting departments of Amazonian stores and is often bought by mistake
since its colors are those of the London Reform Club.  Once tied around its
victim's neck, it strangles him gently and then claims the insurance before
running off to Germany where it lives in hiding.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


T:	One big monster, he called TROLL.
	He don't rock, and he don't roll;
	Drink no wine, and smoke no stogies.
	He just Love To Eat Them Roguies.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
		-- Philippe Schnoebelen


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #19:

Q:  Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
A:  All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.


UNIX is hard. Let's go shopping!


Oregano, n.:
	The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.


Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.


Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine


It takes a brave man to admit his mistakes.
Especially in a paternity hearing.


Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to
be maintained.
		-- The Tao of Programming


You will contract a rare disease.


The Least Successful Defrosting Device
	The all-time record here is held by Mr. Peter Rowlands of Lancaster
whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
	"I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.  Somehow my lips
got stuck fast."
	While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he
was all right.  "Alra?  Igmmlptk", he replied at which point she ran away.
	"I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of...
muffled," explained Mr. Rowlands, a pottery designer.
	He was trapped for twenty minutes ("I felt a bit foolish") until
constant hot breathing brought freedom.  He was subsequently nicknamed "Hot
Lips".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Gossip, n.:
	Hearing something you like about someone you don't.
		-- Earl Wilson


A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention,
and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves
for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.  To be a man
is to suffer for others.
		-- Cesar Chavez


It is imperative when flying coach that you restrain any tendency toward
the vividly imaginative.  For although it may momentarily appear to be the
case, it is not at all likely that the cabin is entirely inhabited by
crying babies smoking inexpensive domestic cigars.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(5) War is not obsolete.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


One Bell System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #9

You are making a sales presentation to a group of corporate executives
in the plushest office you've ever seen.  The enchilada casserole and
egg salad sandwich you had for lunch react, creating severe pressure.
Your sphincter loses control and you break wind, causing the glass
bookcase doors to shatter and a secretary to pass out.  You:

	(a) Offer to come back next week when the smell has gone away.
	(b) Point to the Chief Executive and accuse him of the offense.
	(c) Challenge anyone in the room to do better.


Here is a simple experiment that will teach you an important electrical
lesson: On a cool, dry day, scuff your feet along a carpet, then reach
your hand into a friend's mouth and touch one of his dental fillings.
Did you notice how your friend twitched violently and cried out in
pain?  This teaches us that electricity can be a very powerful force,
but we must never use it to hurt others unless we need to learn an
important electrical lesson.

It also teaches us how an electrical circuit works.  When you scuffed
your feet, you picked up batches of "electrons", which are very small
objects that carpet manufacturers weave into carpets so they will
attract dirt.  The electrons travel through your bloodstream and
collect in your finger, where they form a spark that leaps to your
friend's filling, then travels down to his feet and back into the
carpet, thus completing the circuit.

Amazing Electronic Fact: If you scuffed your feet long enough without
touching anything, you would build up so many electrons that your
finger would explode!  But this is nothing to worry about unless you
have carpeting.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Be careful!  Is it classified?


I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them,
and I know how bad I am.
		-- Samuel Johnson


May your camel be as swift as the wind.


Every night my prayers I say,
	And get my dinner every day;
And every day that I've been good,
	I get an orange after food.
The child that is not clean and neat,
	With lots of toys and things to eat,
He is a naughty child, I'm sure--
	Or else his dear papa is poor.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini.
		-- Alexander Woollcott


When the sun shineth, make hay.
		-- John Heywood


Seems like this guy is hitting up on a woman in a bar.  After assiduously
pursuing her for several minutes, she leans forward and tells him that he's
a nice guy and all that, but, well, that she's a lesbian.  Confused, he asks
her what that means.
	"Well," she replies, "you see that woman at the corner table?"
	"Yeah..."
	"I'd like to walk over to her, and unbottom her blouse."
	"Yeah..."
	"And then I'd like to kiss her and suck on her nipples... and
then I'd like to take off her skirt... and run my hand over her thighs..."
	"Right!  Right!" interrupts the guy.  "I think I'm a lesbian too!"


If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
		-- Leonard Levinson


Statisticians do it with 95% confidence.


Q:	How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but it takes a long time, and the light bulb has
	to really want to change.


BOHICA:
	Bend over, here it comes again.


God created a few perfect heads.
The rest he covered with hair.


Others will look to you for stability,
so hide when you bite your nails.


Benson's Dogma:
	ASCII is our god, and Unix is his profit.


F:	When into a room I plunge, I
	Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI.
	Then I linger, darkly brooding
	On the poison they're exuding.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


Dear Ann Landers:
	My husband watches the TV preachers every Sunday.  He claims
one minister said there are 350 different sins.  My husband wants to
know if you can get the list.  He thinks he is missing something.
		-- E.J. Mayfield


Bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous
Census Taker".  It's about a guy who comes once every ten years.


The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.


Fudd's First Law of Opposition:
	Push something hard enough and it will fall over.


When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not
far away.  It is time to go elsewhere.  The best thing about space travel
is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"


Q:	Somebody just posted that Roman Polanski directed Star Wars.
	What should I do?
A:	Post the correct answer at once!  We can't have people go on
	believing that!  Very good of you to spot this.  You'll probably
	be the only one to make the correction, so post as soon as you can.
	No time to lose, so certainly don't wait a day, or check to see if
	somebody else has made the correction.

	And it's not good enough to send the message by mail.  Since you're
	the only one who really knows that it was Francis Coppola, you have
	to inform the whole net right away!
		-- Brad Templeton, "Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions
		   on Netiquette"


Have you heard of knock-kneed Samuel McGuzzum
Who married Samantha, his bow-legged cousin?
	Some people say,
	Love finds a way,
But for Sam and Samantha it doesn'.


Excellent day for drinking heavily.
Spike the office water cooler.


If life is merely a joke, the question
still remains: for whose amusement?


Just once, I wish we would encounter
an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
		-- The Brigadier, "Doctor Who"


We are Microsoft.  Unix is irrelevant.
Openness is futile.  Prepare to be assimilated.


The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel


A hunter saved a native boy from a boa constrictor.  In gratitude, the boy gave
the hunter a magic gorilla prick.  The lad said the prick would do anything you
told it to do until you told it to do something else.  When the hunter returned
home to England, he put the magic gorilla prick on the mantle along with some
of his other trophies.  His wife thought it quaint and his story charming.  But
soon, the hunter went a-safariing again.  He was away for months.  One evening,
the woman eyed the MGP carefully and whispered, "Gorilla Prick, fuck me."
Whereupon the thing jumped off the mantle and began to bang her with great
thoroughness and ferocity.  For the first twenty minutes it was pure heaven,
but after the next few minutes it became fatiguing, and she said, "Stop it,
Gorilla Prick," but it didn't.  After a bit more she was screaming "Stop!
Stop!" at the thing and trying to pull it out of her smoking hole.  But nothing
worked.  Finally, the butler bursts into the room, summoned by her screams.
	"Saunders, help me please!"
	"But what is it, Madame?"
	"It's a Magic Gorilla Prick!"
	"Gorilla prick, my ass!! ... AAAaaeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiii!!!!!!"


You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
		-- Janis Joplin


An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.


Tact consists in knowing how far to go in going too far.
		-- Jean Cocteau


	"Yes, let's consider," said Bruno, putting his thumb into his
mouth again, and sitting down upon a dead mouse.
	"What do you keep that mouse for?" I said.  "You should either
bury it or else throw it into the brook."
	"Why, it's to measure with!" cried Bruno.  "How ever would you
do a garden without one?  We make each bed three mouses and a half
long, and two mouses wide."
	I stopped him as he was dragging it off by the tail to show me
how it was used...
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Sylvie and Bruno"


No matter how much you do you never do enough.


A robin redbreast in a cage
Puts all Heaven in a rage.
		-- Blake


The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in
bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
		-- Edwin Edwards, Louisian governor


You may easily play a joke on a man who likes to argue -- agree with
him.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


Machine-independent program:
	A program that will not run on any machine.


As near as I can tell, you're not any crazier
than the average asshole on the street.
		-- R.P. McMurphy, "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"


Well, we're big rock singers, we've got golden fingers,
And we're loved everywhere we go.
We sing about beauty, and we sing about truth,
At ten thousand dollars a show.
We take all kind of pills to give us all kind of thrills,
But the thrill we've never known,
Is the thrill that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

I got a freaky old lady, name of Cole King Katie,
Who embroiders on my jeans.
I got my poor old gray-haired daddy,
Drivin' my limousine.
Now it's all designed, to blow our minds,
But our minds won't be really be blown;
Like the blow that'll get'cha, when you get your picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.

We got a lot of little, teen-aged, blue-eyed groupies,
Who'll do anything we say.
We got a genuine Indian guru, that's teachin' us a better way.
We got all the friends that money can buy,
So we never have to be alone.
And we keep gettin' richer, but we can't get our picture,
On the cover of the Rolling Stone.
		-- Dr. Hook and the Medicine Show
		   [They eventually DID make the cover of RS. Ed.]


There are no physicists in the hottest parts of hell, because the existence
of a "hottest part" implies a temperature difference, and any marginally
competent physicist would immediately use this to run a heat engine and make
some other part of hell comfortably cool.  This is obviously impossible.
		-- Richard Davisson


Louie Louie, me gotta go
Louie Louie, me gotta go

Fine little girl she waits for me
Me catch the ship for cross the sea
Me sail the ship all alone		Three nights and days me sail the sea
Me never thinks me make it home		Me think of girl constantly
(chorus)				On the ship I dream she there
					I smell the rose in her hair
Me see Jamaica moon above		(chorus, guitar solo)
It won't be long, me see my love
I take her in my arms and then
Me tell her I never leave again
		-- The real words to The Kingsmen's classic "Louie Louie"


Where there's a whip there's a way.


If your enemy is buried in quicksand up to his neck, pull him out.
If he is buried up to his eyes, step on his head.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, "The Prince"


I owe the public nothing.
		-- J. P. Morgan


	My message is not that biological determinists were bad scientists or
even that they were always wrong.  Rather, I believe that science must be
understood as a social phenomenon, a gutsy, human enterprise, not the work of
robots programmed to collect pure information.  I also present this view as
an upbeat for science, not as a gloomy epitaph for a noble hope sacrificed on
the alter of human limitations.
	I believe that a factual reality exists and that science, though often
in an obtuse and erratic manner, can learn about it.  Galileo was not shown
the instruments of torture in an abstract debate about lunar motion.  He had
threatened the Church's conventional argument for social and doctrinal
stability:  the static world order with planets circling about a central
earth, priests subordinate to the Pope and serfs to their lord.  But the
Church soon made its peace with Galileo's cosmology.  They had no choice; the
earth really does revolve about the sun.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


If you don't have the time right now,
will you have redo right time later?


If you have seen one city slum you have seen them all.
		-- Spiro Agnew


Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled
with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two
deserts.
		-- Miss Oglethorp, Gr. 5, PS. 59


What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that requires
an accomplice.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we would
all be millionaires.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


There are three things men can do with women:
love them, suffer for them, or turn them into literature.
		-- Stephen Stills


			Pittsburgh driver's test
5: Your car's horn is a vital piece of safety equipment.
   How often should you test it?
	a) once a year.
	b) once a month.
	c) once a day.
	d) once an hour.
The correct answer is d.
You should test your car's horn at least once every hour,
and more often at night or in residential neighborhoods.


Barth's Distinction:
	There are two types of people: those who divide people into two
types, and those who don't.


If your mother knew what you're doing,
she'd probably hang her head and cry.


Clovis' Consideration of an Atmospheric Anomaly:
	The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated
	than by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere,
	bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.


Diaphragm, n.:
	A childproof cap.


You will have long and healthy life.


A girl with a future avoids the man with a past.
		-- Evan Esar, "The Humor of Humor"


A blind rabbit was hopping through the woods, tripping over logs and crashing
into trees.  At the same time, a blind snake was slithering through the same
forest, with identical results.  They chanced to collide head-on in a clearing.
	"Please excuse me, sir, I'm blind and I bumped into you accidentally,"
apologized the rabbit.
	"That's quite all right," replied the snake, "I have the same
problem!"
	"All my life I've been wondering what I am," said the rabbit, "Do
you think you could help me find out?"
	"I'll try," said the snake.  He gently coiled himself around the
rabbit. "Well, you're covered with soft fur, you have a little fluffy tail
and long ears.  You're... hmmm... you're probably a bunny rabbit!"
	"Great!" said the rabbit.  "Thanks, I really owe you one!"
	"Well," replied the snake, "I don't know what I am, either.  Do you
suppose you could try and tell me?"
	The rabbit ran his paws all over the snake.  "Well, you're low, cold
and slimey..."  And, as he ran one paw underneath the snake, "and you have
no balls.  You must be an attorney!"


Dear Emily:
	Today I posted an article and forgot to include my signature.
What should I do?
		-- Forgetful

Dear Forgetful:
	Rush to your terminal right away and post an article that says,
"Oops, I forgot to post my signature with that last article.  Here
it is."
	Since most people will have forgotten your earlier article,
(particularly since it dared to be so boring as to not have a nice, juicy
signature) this will remind them of it.  Besides, people care much more
about the signature anyway.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette


One of the oldest problems puzzled over in the Talmud is: "Why did God
create goyim?"  The generally accepted answer is "_s_o_m_e_b_o_d_y has to buy
retail."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


The two men feigned friendship but secretly hated each other's guts and took
great pleasure in giving one another the needle on any and all occasions.
This particular evening they met, quite by accident, at a popular bar.
The conversation started innocently enough; then one, with sudden inspiration,
ran his hand over the other's bald head and exclaimed,
	"By God, Fred, that feels just like my wife's ass!"
The other ran his own hand over his head and nonchalantly retorted,
	"Well, I'll be damned, Jim, so it does, so it does!"


	"How would I know if I believe in love at first sight?" the sexy
social climber said to her roommate.  "I mean, I've never seen a Porsche
full of money before."


Give a small boy a hammer and he will find
that everything he encounters needs pounding.


An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


I'm an evolutionist; I refuse to believe
that I could have been created by man.


Enjoy yourself while you're still old.


DATA:
	An accrual of straws on the backs of theories.


Everything journalists write is true, except when they write about
something you know.
		-- Dag-Erling Smorgrav,
		   June 1999, FreeBSD-Stable Mailing List


Virginity is a bubble on the sea of life,
which takes but one prick to break.
		-- Jordan Sand


Those who make peaceful revolution impossible
will make violent revolution inevitable.
		-- John F. Kennedy


