One man's nightmare is another man's wet dream.


A penny saved is ridiculous.


Obscene?  Obscene is young men being trained to drop fire on people, but
their commanders not allowing them to write "fuck" on their airplanes
because it's obscene.


After cocktails in the Oak Room, the graying millionaire took the blond,
attractive, wholesome, winning young woman up to his suite.  They chatted
for a while, and then kissed on the couch.  A little fondling, some feeling
and petting ... to which the young lady lent herself shyly ... and then they
were in the wide, cool bed, naked together.  They chatted more, established
a communion, a rapport the older man considered remarkably gratifying.  The
girl seemed sympatico, innocent, good.
	"Yes, that was it," he thought, "essentially good.  Why, she could
be my own daughter."  He smiled into the young girl's deep blue eyes.
	"Tell me," he asked, his hand on her breast, "What's a nice girl
like you doing in a hotel like this?"
	"Oh, about $2000 a week, with tips."


Robot, n.:
	Someone who's been made by a scientist.


Doing gets it done.


When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.


It did not occur to me that my being with two men continuously would
interest anyone or arouse anyone's misgivings. I asked for an invitation
for Heinrich too, as often as it seemed possible, when Paulus and I were
invited to a social gathering. I felt the set of rules others lived by
was irrelevant. My childhood attitude -- every attempt to adjust is
hopeless and you might just as well follow your own attitudes -- must have
carried me.
		-- Hannah Tillich, "From Time to Time"


I dined with Lord Hughing Fitz-Bluing
Who said, "Do you squirm when you're screwing?"
	I replied, "Simple shagging
	Without any wagging
Is only for screwing canoeing."


	The doctor had just finished giving the young man a thorough
physical examination.  "The best thing for you to do," the M.D. said,
"is give up drinking, give up smoking, get to bed early and stay away
from women."
	"Doc, I don't deserve the best," pleaded his patient.  "What's
second best?"


The wonderful thing about a dancing bear
is not how well he dances, but that he dances at all.


Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.


And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.


		Double Bucky
	(Sung to the tune of "Rubber Duckie")

Double bucky, you're the one!
You make my keyboard lots of fun
	Double bucky, an additional bit or two:
(Vo-vo-de-o!)
Control and Meta side by side,
Augmented ASCII, nine bits wide!
	Double bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Double bucky, left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of
	Double bucky, I'm happy I heard of
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- Guy L. Steele, Jr., (C) 1978
		(to Nicholas Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		by screen editors.)


Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.


A man was kneeling by a grave in a cemetery, crying and praying very loudly,
	"Oh why..eeeee did you die...eeeeee, Oh Why..eeeeee,
why did you Di......eeee"
The caretaker walks up, pardons himself and asks politely,
	"Excuse me, sir, but I've been seeing you for hours now,
carrying on at this grave.  You must have been very close to the deceased."
	"No, I never met him.  Oh why....eeeee did you dieeeeee,
why....eeeee did you.."
	"Sir, you say you never met this person, yet you carry on so?
Tell, me who is buried here?"
	"My wife's first husband."


This is supposed to be a happy occasion.
Let's not BICKER and ARGUE over who killed who!


Without fools there would be no wisdom.


FORTUNE PRESENTS FAMOUS LAST WORDS:	#4

Socrates:		I DRANK WHAT!?!?
Tarzan:			Who greased the grape viiiiiiiiiiiinnnneee........
Al Capone:		There's a violin in my violin case!
Pilot, TWA Fl. #343:	What's a mountain goat doing 'way up here?


An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.


He thinks the Gettysburg Address is where Lincoln lived.
		-- Wanda, "A Fish Called Wanda"


What do hookers do on their nights off, type?
		-- Elayn Boosler


One Bell System - it works.


The Universe is populated by stable things.
		-- Richard Dawkins


Savage's Law of Expediency:
	You want it bad, you'll get it bad.


There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty.
"When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend."
		-- Mark Twain


The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor,
to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
		-- Anatole France


His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.


The anger of a woman is the greatest evil
with which you can threaten your enemies.
		-- Bonnard


Ben, why didn't you tell me?
		-- Luke Skywalker


The difference between a lawyer and a rooster is that
the rooster gets up in the morning and clucks defiance.


There are few virtues that the Poles do not possess --
and there are few mistakes they have ever avoided.
		-- Winston Churchill, Parliament, August, 1945


The story of the butterfly:
	"I was in Bogota and waiting for a lady friend.  I was in love,
a long time ago.  I waited three days.  I was hungry but could not go
out for food, lest she come and I not be there to greet her.  Then, on
the third day, I heard a knock."
	"I hurried along the old passage and there, in the sunlight,
there was nothing."
	"Just," Vance Joy said, "a butterfly, flying away."
		-- Peter Carey, BLISS


Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he
just whipped out a quarter?
		-- Steven Wright


A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


It is better to burn out than it is to rust.


Two old men are walking down the boardwalk when one of them tells the other
that he has to leave, his wife is expecting him to come home and make love
with her.
	The other man is astonished.  "Make love to your wife?  You're as old
as I am!  Nearly eighty years old!  What do you mean you have to go home and
make love to your wife?"
	The first man smiles and says, "We have a *great* sex life.  We make
love every day."
	"You're kidding!" says his friend.  "How do you do it?"
	"Pumpernickel bread.  That's the secret."  And he dashes off home.
	The other man starts to walk home.  "Hmmm," he thinks to himself
pumpernickel bread.  Well, it's worth a try."  So he goes into a nearby
bakery.
	Going up to the woman at the counter, he asks for their entire stock
of pumpernickel bread.  The woman stares at him in astonishment.  "You want
all the pumpernickel bread we have?  Are you sure?  Don't you know that it
will get hard?"
	"How come," demands the man, "everybody knows about this but me?"


A pickup with three guys in it pulls into the lumber yard.  One of the men
gets out and goes into the office.
	"I need some four-by-two's," he says.
	"You must mean two-by-four's" replies the clerk.
	The man scratches his head.  "Wait a minute," he says, "I'll go
check."
	Back, after an animated conversation with the other occupants of the
truck, he reassures the clerk, that, yes, in fact, two-by-fours would be
acceptable.
	"OK," says the clerk, writing it down, "how long you want 'em?"
	The guy gets the blank look again.  "Uh... I guess I better go
check," he says.
	He goes back out to the truck, and there's another animated
conversation.  The guy comes back into the office.  "A long time," he says,
"we're building a house".


A sweet young schoolteacher who had always been virtuous was invited to go
for a ride in the country with the gym instructor, whom she admired.  Under
a tree on the bank of a quiet lake, she struggled with her conscience and
with the gym instructor and finally gave in to the latter.  Sobbing
uncontrollably she asked her seducer,
	"How can I ever face my students again, knowing I have sinned twice?"
	"Twice?" asked the young man, confused.
	"Why, yes," said the sweet teacher, wiping a tear from her eye.
"You're going to do it again, aren't you?"


Truth is hard to find and harder to obscure.


An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.


Default, n.:
	[Possibly from Black English "De fault wid dis system is you,
mon."] The vain attempt to avoid errors by inactivity.  "Nothing will
come of nothing: speak again." -- King Lear.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Missed the train at the railway station
Oh hell, blast, and damnation!
Asked a lady in there if she had the time,
She said "Yes", and a strong inclination.


To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus


Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
		-- Kayvan Sylvan


"Multiply in your head" (ordered the compassionate Dr. Adams) "365,365,365,
365,365,365 by 365,365,365,365,365,365".  He [ten-year-old Truman Henry
Safford] flew around the room like a top, pulled his pantaloons over the
tops of his boots, bit his hands, rolled his eyes in their sockets, sometimes
smiling and talking, and then seeming to be in an agony, until, in not more
than one minute, said he, 133,491,850,208,566,925,016,658,299,941,583,225!"
An electronic computer might do the job a little faster but it wouldn't be
as much fun to watch.
		-- James R. Newman, "The World of Mathematics"


Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think
Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today?

	(1) Writing his memoirs of the Civil War.
	(2) Advising the President.
	(3) Desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin.
		-- David Letterman


If one inquires why the American tradition is so strong against any connection
of State and Church, why it dreads even the rudiments of religious teaching
in state-maintained schools, the immediate and superficial answer is not
far to seek. ...  The cause lay largely in the diversity and vitality of the
various denominations, each fairly sure that, with a fair field and no favor,
it could make its own way; and each animated by a jealous fear that, if any
connection of State and Church were permitted, some rival denomination would
get an unfair advantage.
		-- John Dewey, "Democracy in the Schools", 1908


When your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn
They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Sisters of Mercy"


A is for Amy who fell down the stairs, B is for Basil assaulted by bears.
C is for Clara who wasted away, D is for Desmond thrown out of the sleigh.
E is for Ernest who choked on a peach, F is for Fanny, sucked dry by a leech.
G is for George, smothered under a rug, H is for Hector, done in by a thug.
I is for Ida who drowned in the lake, J is for James who took lye, by mistake.
K is for Kate who was struck with an axe, L is for Leo who swallowed some tacks.
M is for Maud who was swept out to sea, N is for Neville who died of ennui.
O is for Olive, run through with an awl, P is for Prue, trampled flat in a brawl
Q is for Quentin who sank in a mire, R is for Rhoda, consumed by a fire.
S is for Susan who parished of fits, T is for Titus who flew into bits.
U is for Una who slipped down a drain, V is for Victor, squashed under a train.
W is for Winnie, embedded in ice, X is for Xerxes, devoured by mice.
Y is for Yorick whose head was bashed in, Z is for Zillah who drank too much gin.
		-- Edward Gorey, "The Gashlycrumb Tinies"


Living in the complex world of the future is somewhat
like having bees live in your head.  But, there they are.


LET Jesus be YOUR anchor!

So when Satan rocks your boat, THROW Jesus overboard!


Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
		-- Redd Foxx


Once a woman has given you her heart you
can never get rid of the rest of her.
		-- Vanbrugh


CONFUSION:
	One woman plus one left turn.
EXCITEMENT:
	Two women plus one secret.
BEDLAM:
	Three women plus one bargain.
CHAOS:
	Four women plus one luncheon check.


Love -- the last of the serious diseases of childhood.


Democracy can learn some things from Communism: for example, when a
Communist politician is through, he is through.


The Thought Police are here.  They've come
To put you under cardiac arrest.
And as they drag you through the door
They tell you that you've failed the test.
		-- Buggles, "Living in the Plastic Age"


Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she
kissed her cow.
		-- Rabelais


Flee at once, all is discovered.


Many husbands go broke on the money their wives save on sales.


There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know
what you're talking about.
		-- John von Neumann


I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.  A Chihuahua isn't a dog.
It's a rat with a thyroid problem.


When I demanded of my friend what viands he preferred,
He quoth: "A large cold bottle, and a small hot bird!"
		-- Eugene Field, "The Bottle and the Bird"


(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
	Therefore, Alexander the Great had an infinite number of arms.


She's learned to say things with her eyes
that others waste time putting into words.


	"I know a life of crime led me to this sorry state.  I blame
society.  Society made me what I am today!"
	"That's bullshit Archie.  You're just a young suburban punk
like me."
	"It still...  hurts... auugghh!"
	"You're going to be okay..."
		"...gurgle..."
			"... maybe not."
		-- Repo Man


Join the march to save individuality!


Norm:	Hey, everybody.
All:	[silence; everybody is mad at Norm for being rich.]
Norm:	[Carries on both sides of the conversation himself.]
	Norm!   (Norman.)
	How are you feeling today, Norm?
	Rich and thirsty.  Pour me a beer.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash

Woody:	What's the latest, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:	Zsa-Zsa marries a millionaire, Peterson drinks a beer.
	Film at eleven.
		-- Cheers, Knights of the Scimitar

Woody: How are you today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Never been better, Woody. ... Just once I'd like to be better.
		-- Cheers, Chambers vs. Malone


None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
		-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work"


The objective of all dedicated employees should be to thoroughly analyze
all situations, anticipate all problems prior to their occurrence, have
answers for these problems, and move swiftly to solve these problems
when called upon.
	However...
When you are up to your ass in alligators it is difficult to remind
yourself your initial objective was to drain the swamp.


Young men want to be faithful and are not;
old men want to be faithless and cannot.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Hail to the sun god
He's such a fun god
Ra! Ra! Ra!


It's possible that the whole purpose of your life is to serve
as a warning to others.


Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?


Driving in Texas is simple.  For the first 100 miles you swerve to
avoid jackrabbits.  For the second 100 miles you hit whatever
jackrabbits get in the way.  After that you chase off into the
brush after them.


"We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call
free enterprise," said Cash McCall, "but when one of our citizens
show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do
our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself."
		-- Cameron Hawley


I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.
I'm frightened of the old ones.
		-- John Cage


	An architect's first work is apt to be spare and clean.  He knows
he doesn't know what he's doing, so he does it carefully and with great
restraint.
	As he designs the first work, frill after frill and embellishment
after embellishment occur to him.  These get stored away to be used "next
time".  Sooner or later the first system is finished, and the architect,
with firm confidence and a demonstrated mastery of that class of systems,
is ready to build a second system.
	This second is the most dangerous system a man ever designs.  When
he does his third and later ones, his prior experiences will confirm each
other as to the general characteristics of such systems, and their differences
will identify those parts of his experience that are particular and not
generalizable.
	The general tendency is to over-design the second system, using all
the ideas and frills that were cautiously sidetracked on the first one.
The result, as Ovid says, is a "big pile".
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


At ebb tide I wrote a line upon the sand, and gave it all my heart and all
my soul.  At flood tide I returned to read what I had inscribed and found my
ignorance upon the shore.
		-- Kahlil Gibran


	"Can you hammer a 6-inch spike into a wooden plank with your
penis?"
	"Uh, not right now."
	"Tsk.  A girl has to have some standards."
		-- "Real Genius"


fortune: cannot execute.  Out of cookies.


There *is* no such thing as a civil engineer.


He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
		-- Stephen Leacock


Marriage is based on the theory that when a man discovers a brand of beer
exactly to his taste he should at once throw up his job and go to work
in the brewery.
		-- George Jean Nathan


Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.


Fourth Law of Applied Terror:
	The night before the English History mid-term, your Biology
	instructor will assign 200 pages on planaria.

Corollary:
	Every instructor assumes that you have nothing else to do except
	study for that instructor's course.


Acid absorbs 47 times its own weight in excess Reality.


The sooner you make your first 5000 mistakes, the sooner you will be
able to correct them.
		-- Nicolaides


Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb:
	Never use your thumb for a rule.
	You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.


All of the people in my building are insane.  The guy above me designs
synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats.  The lady across the hall tried to
rob a department store... with a pricing gun...  She said, "Give me all
of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the store."
		-- Steven Wright


Have you flogged your kid today?


	A woman was married to a golfer.  One day she asked, "If I were
to die, would you remarry?"
	After some thought, the man replied, "Yes, I've been very happy in
this marriage and I would want to be this happy again."
	The wife asked, "Would you give your new wife my car?"
	"Yes," he replied.  "That's a good car and it runs well."
	"Well, would you live in this house?"
	"Yes, it is a lovely house and you have decorated it beautifully.
I've always loved it here."
	"Well, would you give her my golf clubs?"
	"No."
	"Why not?"
	"She's left handed."


If Christianity was morality, Socrates would be the Saviour.
		-- William Blake


Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.


Your conscience never stops you from doing anything.  It just stops you
from enjoying it.


Planet Claire has pink hair.
All the trees are red.
No one ever dies there.
No one has a head....


I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.  I don't see why
I should have to believe in it in this one.
		-- Strange de Jim


Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are
different lies.


You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
A pity that it's totally undeserved.


Once upon a time, there was a non-conforming sparrow who decided not to
fly south for the winter.  However, soon after the weather turned cold,
the sparrow changed his mind and reluctantly started to fly south.
After a short time, ice began to form his on his wings and he fell to
earth in a barnyard almost frozen.  A cow passed by and crapped on this
little bird and the sparrow thought it was the end, but the manure
warmed him and defrosted his wings.  Warm and happy the little sparrow
began to sing.  Just then, a large Tom cat came by and hearing the
chirping investigated the sounds.  As Old Tom cleared away the manure,
he found the chirping bird and promptly ate him.

There are three morals to this story:

(1) Everyone who shits on you is not necessarily your enemy.
(2) Everyone who gets you out of shit is not necessarily your friend.
(3) If you are warm and happy in a pile of shit, keep your mouth shut.


Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.


Elegance and truth are inversely related.
		-- Becker's Razor


You lived with a man who wore white belts?
Laura, I'm disappointed in you.
		-- Remington Steele


Avec!


Illegitimi non carborundum
(translation: no carbonated drinks allowed.)


My first basename is George "Catfish" Metkovich from our 1952 Pittsburgh
Pirates team, which lost 112 games.  After a terrible series against the
New York Giants, in which our center fielder made three throwing errors
and let two balls get through his legs, manager Billy Meyer pleaded, "Can
somebody think of something to help us win a game?"
	"I'd like to make a suggestion," Metkovich said.  "On any ball hit
to center field, let's just let it roll to see if it might go foul."
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"


When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.


God must love assholes -- She made so many of them.


Economics, n.:
	Economics is the study of the value and meaning of J. K. Galbraith.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Support the Girl Scouts!
	(Today's Brownie is tomorrow's Cookie!)


Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know
how to lie well.
		-- Samuel Butler


The most pressing issue facing women today is finding a contraceptive
jelly that smells like a fresh fruit salad.


Well, you got your mules and you got your racehorses, and you can kick
a mule in the ass all you want, and he's still not gonna be a racehorse.
		-- Billy Martin, "Esquire", May, 1984


Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire,
and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
		-- Terry Pratchett


A bachelor is a man who never made the same mistake once.


For an idea to be fashionable is ominous,
since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.


A woman shouldn't have to buy her own perfume.
		-- Maurine Lewis


It isn't whether you win or lose, it's how much money you end up with.
		-- Jack T. Shakespeare


There are revolutions that are sweeping the world and we in America
have been in a position of trying to stop them.  With all the wealth of
America, with all of the military strength of America, those
revolutions are revolutions against a form of political and economic
organization in the countries of Asia and the Middle East that are
oppressive.  They are revolutions against feudalism.  [1952]
		-- Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas


You can't take damsel here now.


A fool and his honey are soon parted.


Sure there are dishonest men in local government.  But there are dishonest
men in national government too.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.


He's been like a father to me,
He's the only DJ you can get after three,
I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band,
And why he don't like me I don't understand.
		-- The Byrds


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(31) To more and more American intellectuals, a victorious United States
     is a sinful United States.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.


The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at
least until we've finished building it.


If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?


All extremists should be taken out and shot.


My friend has a baby.  I'm writing down all the noises he makes so
later I can ask him what he meant.
		-- Steven Wright


Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, "The moon is more useful
than the sun."
	"Why?", he was asked.
	"Because at night we need the light more."


Go away, I'm all right.
		-- H. G. Wells' last words


Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Which of the following doesn't belong?
	a. meat
	b. eggs
	c. drum
	d. blowjob.

Answer:
	d:  A blowjob, because you can beat your meat, your eggs,
	    or your drum, but you just can't beat a blowjob.


I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very
reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment.
		-- Gautama Buddha


We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little,
that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.


Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


QOTD:
	"He's so egotistical he yells his own name when he comes."


At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his
thumb with a hammer.
		-- Marshall Lumsden


Strategy:
	A long-range plan whose merit cannot be evaluated until sometime
	after those creating it have left the organization.


Miguel Cervantes wrote Donkey Hote.  Milton wrote Paradise Lost, then his
wife died and he wrote Paradise Regained.


The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in
bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
		-- Edwin Edwards, Louisian governor


	People of all sorts of genders are reporting great difficulty,
these days, in selecting the proper words to refer to those of the female
persuasion.
	"Lady," "woman," and "girl" are all perfectly good words, but
misapplying them can earn one anything from the charge of vulgarity to a good
swift smack.  We are messing here with matters of deference, condescension,
respect, bigotry, and two vague concepts, age and rank.  It is troubling
enough to get straight who is really what.  Those who deliberately misuse
the terms in a misbegotten attempt at flattery are asking for it.
	A woman is any grown-up female person.  A girl is the un-grown-up
version.  If you call a wee thing with chubby cheeks and pink hair ribbons a
"woman," you will probably not get into trouble, and if you do, you will be
able to handle it because she will be under three feet tall.  However, if you
call a grown-up by a child's name for the sake of implying that she has a
youthful body, you are also implying that she has a brain to match.


An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.


Women's Libbers are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going down.


Hear about...
	the over-eager bride who came, walking down the aisle?


Hailing frequencies open, Captain.


There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.


My rackets are run on strictly American
lines, and they're going to stay that way.
		-- Al Capone


When you are at Rome live in the Roman style;
when you are elsewhere live as they live elsewhere.
		-- St. Ambrose


Do not use that foreign word "ideals".  We have that excellent native
word "lies".
		-- Henrik Ibsen, "The Wild Duck"


Seems this guy showed up at a party, and all of his friends jumped for
Joy.  But she sidestepped, and they missed.


You see things; and you say "Why?"
But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Back to Methuselah"
		   [No, it wasn't John F. Kennedy.  Ed.]


A is for Amy who fell down the stairs, B is for Basil assaulted by bears.
C is for Clara who wasted away, D is for Desmond thrown out of the sleigh.
E is for Ernest who choked on a peach, F is for Fanny, sucked dry by a leech.
G is for George, smothered under a rug, H is for Hector, done in by a thug.
I is for Ida who drowned in the lake, J is for James who took lye, by mistake.
K is for Kate who was struck with an axe, L is for Leo who swallowed some tacks.
M is for Maud who was swept out to sea, N is for Neville who died of ennui.
O is for Olive, run through with an awl, P is for Prue, trampled flat in a brawl
Q is for Quentin who sank in a mire, R is for Rhoda, consumed by a fire.
S is for Susan who parished of fits, T is for Titus who flew into bits.
U is for Una who slipped down a drain, V is for Victor, squashed under a train.
W is for Winnie, embedded in ice, X is for Xerxes, devoured by mice.
Y is for Yorick whose head was bashed in, Z is for Zillah who drank too much gin.
		-- Edward Gorey, "The Gashlycrumb Tinies"


I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.


It wasn't that she had a rose in her teeth, exactly.
It was more like the rose and the teeth were in the same glass.


To communicate is the beginning of understanding.
		-- AT&T


What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


So many men and so little time.


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer NEVER leaves the toilet seat up.
 2. A beer lasts longer than seven seconds.
 3. A beer doesn't want to watch pro wrestling.
 4. A beer won't expect you to cook dinner when you're not hungry.
 5. A beer will never leave dirty socks on the floor.
 6. A beer doesn't mind when your mother visits.
 7. A beer does as many chores as a man, with a LOT less complaining.
 8. A beer won't leave you for a younger woman.
 9. A beer won't leave you for a younger man either.
10. A beer won't tease you because you once liked Barry Manilow.


Q:	How do you keep a moron in suspense?


Whether you can hear it or not
The Universe is laughing behind your back
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


The only possible interpretation of any research
whatever in the "social sciences" is: some do, some don't.
		-- Ernest Rutherford


[Norm returns from the hospital.]

Coach:  What's up, Norm?
Norm:   Everything that's supposed to be.
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom

Sam:	What's new, Normie?
Norm:	Terrorists, Sam.  They've taken over my stomach.
	They're demanding beer.
		-- Cheers, The Heart is a Lonely Snipehunter

Coach: What'll it be, Normie?
Norm:  Just the usual, Coach.  I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
		-- Cheers, King of the Hill


So do the noble fall.  For they are ever caught in a trap of their own making.
A trap -- walled by duty, and locked by reality.  Against the greater force
they must fall -- for, against that force they fight because of duty, because
of obligations.  And when the noble fall, the base remain.  The base -- whose
only purpose is the corruption of what the noble did protect.  Whose only
purpose is to destroy.  The noble: who, even when fallen, retain a vestige of
strength.  For theirs is a strength born of things other than mere force.
Theirs is a strength supreme... theirs is the strength -- to restore.
		-- Gerry Conway, "Thor", #193


Slous' Contention:
	If you do a job too well, you'll get stuck with it.


Menage a trois, n.:
	Using both hands to masturbate.


Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who
can't talk for people who can't read.
		-- Frank Zappa


