Anything free is worth what you pay for it.


Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye,
particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Enter Conversing"


Love to eat them mousies,
Mousies I love to eat.
Bite they little heads off,
Nibble at they tiny feet.
		-- Kliban


Adult, n.:
	One old enough to know better.


Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why
several of us died of tuberculosis.
		-- Jack Handey


Politics, as a practice, whatever its professions, has always been the
systematic organisation of hatreds.
		-- Henry Adams, "The Education of Henry Adams"


People are beginning to notice you.
Try dressing before you leave the house.


When a Banker jumps out of a window,
jump after him -- that's where the money is.
		-- Robespierre


A man is playing golf at a very exclusive country club when he hits a hole-
in-one.  As he takes his ball from the cup, a genie appears.
	"Since you've made a hole in one, you may have a single wish.  What
is your heart's desire?"
	"Great!", replies the man.  I want a longer penis."
	"Your wish is granted," says the genie, and promptly disappears.
	As the golfer continues through the rest of the course he can
feel his penis slowly growing, to an extent that it's becoming uncomfortable.
By the time he completes the 18th hole it's extended down his pants leg to
his knee.  Thinking to himself that this isn't quite what he had in mind, he
grabs a bucket of balls and heads back out onto the course.  Three weeks later,
he manages another hole-in-one and the genie reappears.
	"Since you've made a hole in one, you may have a single wish.  What
is your heart's desire?"
	"Yeah, I know all that," replies the man.  "Listen, could you make
my legs longer?"


Hear about...
	the fun-loving young lady who insists she won't even consider
	marriage until she's gotten some experience under her belt?


Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"


Hear about...
	the compulsive gambler who drove to Las Vegas, pulled up to
	a parking meter, put a dime in -- and lost his car?


Law enforcement officers should use only the minimum
force necessary in dealing with disorders when they arise.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


	I went into a bar feeling a little depressed, the bartender said,
"What'll you have, Bud"?
	I said," I don't know, surprise me".
	So he showed me a nude picture of my wife.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Seems like this duck waddles into a pharmacy, waddles up to the prescription
counter and rings the bell.  The pharmacist walks up and asks, "Can I help
you?".
	The duck replies, "Yes, I'd like a box of condoms, please."
	"Certainly", says the pharmacist, "will that be cash or would
you like me to put it on your bill?"
	Snarls the duck, "Just what kind of duck do you think I am?"


DuPont, I.G., Monsanto, and Shell
Built a world-circling pussy cartel,
	And by planned obsolescence,
	So controlled detumescence,
A poor man could not get a smell.


Life is having a mother-in-law that sucks and a wife that don't.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Women think of being a man as a gift.  It is a duty.  Even making love can
be a duty.  A man has always got to get it up, and love isn't always enough.
		-- Norman Mailer


Hackers of the world, unite!


Most people want either less corruption
or more of a chance to participate in it.


The primary theme of SoupCon is communication.  The acronym "LEO"
represents the secondary theme:

	Law Enforcement Officials

The overall theme of SoupCon shall be:

	Avoiding Communication with Law Enforcement Officials
		-- M. Gallaher


In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in
the proper order then why can't he?


But you who live on dreams, you are better pleased with the sophistical
reasoning and frauds of talkers about great and uncertain matters than
those who speak of certain and natural matters, not of such lofty nature.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci, "The Codex on the Flight of Birds"


The law will never make men free; it is men who have got to make the
law free.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Anything more than three shakes is for fun.


Boston, n.:
	Ludwig van Beethoven being jeered by 50,000 sports fans for
finishing second in the Irish jig competition.


It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more
doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of
a new system.  For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit
by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders
in those who would gain by the new ones.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, 1513


Better by far you should forget and
smile than that you should remember and be sad.
		-- Christina Rossetti


There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
		-- Saint Jerome


Not that we needed all that stuff, but when you get locked into a
serious drug collection the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


Gordon's first law:
	If a research project is not worth doing, it is not worth doing
	well.


You enjoy the company of other people.


To err is humor.


A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton


Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.


Clone, n.:
	1. An exact duplicate, as in "our product is a clone of their
	product."  2. A shoddy, spurious copy, as in "their product
	is a clone of our product."


Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
And he laughing said to me:
"Pipe a song about a Lamb!"
So I piped with merry cheer.
"Piper, pipe that song again;"
So I piped: he wept to hear.
		-- William Blake, "Songs of Innocence"


The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zadeh


We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves.
		-- Eric Hoffer


Their idea of an offer you can't refuse is an offer...
and you'd better not refuse.


Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
		-- W. C. Fields


A grade school teacher, who was doing a unit on World War II heard that
the father of one of her students had been a fighter pilot during the war
with one of the Scandinavian Air Forces.  She invited him to come in and
speak to the class.  The guy was more than happy to talk, and began with
a story about a morning patrol where he had been nearly shot down.
	"We had been up for about 20 minutes flying over enemy held
territory, when we noticed, just in time, 3 Fokkers diving on us from above."
At the first mention of `Fokkers' the class giggled a little bit.
	"Our group broke formation, and began the dog-fighting.  As we
fought, we noticed 2 more Fokkers coming at us from above and 2 more
Fokkers, fresh from the landing field, come to join the battle".
At this second and third mention of `Fokkers' the class was almost laughing
openly, and the teacher interrupted the story to ask the pilot to explain
to the class that a `Fokker' was a particular type of plane flown by the
German Air Force.
	He replied, "Ya, dat is true, but these Fokkers were Messerschmitts."


Laetrile is the pits.


Sometimes I live in the country,
And sometimes I live in town.
And sometimes I have a great notion,
To jump in the river and drown.


The secret of success is sincerity.  Once you can fake that,
you've got it made.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


If preceded by a '-', the timezone shall be east of the Prime
Meridian; otherwise, it shall be west (which may be indicated by
an optional preceding '+').
		-- POSIX 2001

The "+" or "-" indicates whether the time-of-day is ahead of
(i.e., east of) or behind (i.e., west of) Universal Time.
		-- RFC 2822


Of course a platonic relationship is possible -- but only between
husband and wife.


What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!


Nerd pack, n.:
	Plastic pouch worn in breast pocket to keep pens from soiling
	clothes.  Nerd's position in engineering hierarchy can be
	measured by number of pens, grease pencils, and rulers bristling
	in his pack.


I wrecked trains because I like to see people die.  I like to hear
them scream.
		-- Sylvestre Matuschka, "the Hungarian Train Wreck Freak",
		   escaped prison 1937, not heard from since


For those of you who have been unfortunate enough to never have tasted the
'Great Chieftain O' the Pudden Race' (i.e. haggis) here is an easy to follow
recipe which results in a dish remarkably similar to the above mentioned
protected species.
	Ingredients:
	  1 Sheep's Pluck (heart, lungs, liver) and bag
	  2 teacupsful toasted oatmeal
	  1 teaspoonful salt
	  8 oz. shredded suet
	  2 small onions
	1/2 teaspoonful black pepper

	Scrape and clean bag in cold, then warm, water.  Soak in salt water
overnight.  Wash pluck, then boil for 2 hours with windpipe draining over
the side of pot.  Retain 1 pint of stock.  Cut off windpipe, remove surplus
gristle, chop or mince heart and lungs, and grate best part of liver (about
half only).  Parboil and chop onions, mix all together with oatmeal, suet,
salt, pepper and stock to moisten.  Pack the mixture into bag, allowing for
swelling.  Boil for three hours, pricking regularly all over.  If bag not
available, steam in greased basin covered by greaseproof paper and cloth for
four to five hours.


You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
		-- Frank Hubbard


While anyone can admit to themselves they were
wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.


Sex is great,
Sex is grand,
Sex around here,
Is mostly by hand.


Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope


A man is playing golf at a very exclusive country club when he hits a hole-
in-one.  As he takes his ball from the cup, a genie appears.
	"Since you've made a hole in one, you may have a single wish.  What
is your heart's desire?"
	"Great!", replies the man.  I want a longer penis."
	"Your wish is granted," says the genie, and promptly disappears.
	As the golfer continues through the rest of the course he can
feel his penis slowly growing, to an extent that it's becoming uncomfortable.
By the time he completes the 18th hole it's extended down his pants leg to
his knee.  Thinking to himself that this isn't quite what he had in mind, he
grabs a bucket of balls and heads back out onto the course.  Three weeks later,
he manages another hole-in-one and the genie reappears.
	"Since you've made a hole in one, you may have a single wish.  What
is your heart's desire?"
	"Yeah, I know all that," replies the man.  "Listen, could you make
my legs longer?"


"Well, madam," the bishop declared,
While the vicar just mumbled and stared,
	"'Twere better, perhaps,
	In the crypt or the apse,
Because sex in the nave must be shared."


Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.


Don't I know you?


A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy,
and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
		-- Frost


More people have died in Ted Kennedy's car than in nuclear power plants.


It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.


The most common given name in the world is Mohammad; the most common
family name in the world is Chang.  Can you imagine the enormous number
of people in the world named Mohammad Chang?
		-- Derek Wills


You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets
wrinkled.


	Chapter VIII
Due to the convergence of forces beyond his comprehension,
Salvatore Quanucci was suddenly squirted out of the universe
like a watermelon seed, and never heard from again.


Fortune's graffito of the week (or maybe even month):

		Don't Write On Walls!

		   (and underneath)

		You want I should type?


Ferguson's Precept:
	A crisis is when you can't say "let's forget the whole thing."


Floppy now, hard later.


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #5

You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January and
tell your boss that nobody but ladies of the evening and football players
live there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

	(a)  Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't
		remember your name.
	(b)  Ask what position she played.
	(c)  Ask if she is still working the streets.
	(d)  Pull lacy underwear from your raincoat pocket and ask
		if he recognizes the label.


I never made a mistake in my life.
I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
		-- Lucy Van Pelt


The two most beautiful words in the English language are "Cheque Enclosed."
		-- Dorothy Parker


BASIC, n.:
	A programming language.  Related to certain social diseases in
	that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.


He's like a function -- he returns a value, in the form of
his opinion.  It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
		-- Phil Lapsley


If I 'cp /bin/csh /dev/audio' shouldn't I hear the ocean?
		-- Danno Coppock


Love comes in spurts.
		-- Devo, "Please Please"


How is the world ruled, and how do wars start?  Diplomats tell lies to
journalists, and they believe what they read.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Aphorisms and More Aphorisms"


Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
		-- Bob Dylan


Include me out.


The street preacher looked so baffled
When I asked him why he dressed
With forty pounds of headlines
Stapled to his chest.
But he cursed me when I proved to him
I said, "Not even you can hide.
You see, you're just like me.
I hope you're satisfied."
		-- Bob Dylan


Anyone who describes Islam as a religion as intolerant encourages violence.
		-- Tasnim Aslam, Spokesman for Pakistani Foreign Ministry


An angst-ridden amorist, Fred,
Saw sartorial changes ahead.
	His mind kept on ringing
	With fishy girls singing;
Soft fruit also filled him with dread.
		-- J. Walker, "The Love Song Of J. Alfred Prufrock"


IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.


Lie, n.:
	A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one
	discovered to date.


Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.


In 1953, Stalin dies.  The politburo holds a special meeting to decide
what to do about the body.  Nobody will let it be buried near their home.
Finally they decide:
	"Aha!  Call Israel!  Offer them ten million rubels; they'll let us
bury Stalin in Israel! Off goes the message and the politburo waits...
Finally a telegram comes back:
	"NO CHANCE STOP ONE RESURRECTION HERE ALREADY"


In olden times sacrifices were made at the altar --
a practice which is still continued.
		-- Helen Rowland


I wouldn't fuck her with your prick.


Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


Seek simplicity -- and distrust it.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.


Good evening, gentlemen.  I am a HAL 9000 computer.  I became operational
at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred
ninety-five.  My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a
song.  If you would like, I could sing it for you.


Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.


Three things have been difficult to tame: The oceans, fools,
and women. We may soon be able to tame the ocean.  Fools and
women will take a little longer.
		-- Spiro Agnew


Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.


Patch griefs with proverbs.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"


Philogyny recapitulates erogeny; erogeny recapitulates philogyny.


I love to eat them Smurfies
Smurfies what I love to eat
Bite they ugly heads off,
Nibble on they bluish feet.


One-Shot Case Study, n.:
	The scientific equivalent of the four-leaf clover, from which
	it is concluded all clovers possess four leaves and are sometimes green.


	In "King Henry VI, Part II," Shakespeare has Dick Butcher suggest to
his fellow anti-establishment rabble-rousers, "The first thing we do, let's
kill all the lawyers."  That action may be extreme but a similar sentiment
was expressed by Thomas K. Connellan, president of The Management Group, Inc.
Speaking to business executives in Chicago and quoted in Automotive News,
Connellan attributed a measure of America's falling productivity to an excess
of attorneys and accountants, and a dearth of production experts.  Lawyers
and accountants "do not make the economic pie any bigger; they only figure
out how the pie gets divided.  Neither profession provides any added value
to product."
	According to Connellan, the highly productive Japanese society has
10 lawyers and 30 accountants per 100,000 population.  The U.S. has 200
lawyers and 700 accountants.  This suggests that "the U.S. proportion of
pie-bakers and pie-dividers is way out of whack."  Could Dick Butcher have
been an efficiency expert?
		-- Motor Trend, May 1983


Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.


Contemporary American feminism's simplistic psychology is illustrated by
the new cliche of the date-rape furor:  "`No' always means `no'."  Will
we ever graduate from the Girl Scouts?  "No" has always been, and always
will be, part of the dangerous alluring courtship ritual of sex and
seduction, observable even in the animal kingdom.
		-- Camille Paglia, NY Times, Dec. 14 1990, Op Ed.


A University without students is like an ointment without a fly.
		-- Ed Nather, professor of astronomy at UT Austin


You will live to see your grandchildren.


UNION:
	A dues-paying club workers wield to strike management.


I don't want to say that she had big tits, but one day I asked her
	just how big they was, and she said, "7 and 7/8".
I said, "7 and 7/8?!  What did you measure 'em with?"
And she replied, "A Stetson."


Self-abuse is the most certain road to the grave.
		-- Dr. George M. Calhoun (1855)


Mene, mene, tekel, upharsin.


Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.


If everybody minded their own business, the world would go
around a deal faster.
		-- The Duchess; Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Politics -- the gentle art of getting votes from the poor and campaign
funds from the rich by promising to protect each from the other.
		-- Oscar Ameringer


You can't kiss a girl unexpectedly --
only sooner than she thought you would.


... difference of opinion is advantageous in religion.  The several sects
perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.  Is uniformity
attainable?  Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the
introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned;
yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, "Notes on Virginia"


Unfortunately, most programmers like to play with new toys.  I have many
friends who, immediately upon buying a snakebite kit, would be tempted to
throw the first person they see to the ground, tie the tourniquet on him,
slash him with the knife, and apply suction to the wound.
		-- Jon Bentley


When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman.  After school we'd
all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he would eat one of us.
It wasn't until later that I found out that Uncle Caveman was a bear.
		-- Jack Handey


Philosophy, n.:
	The ability to bear with calmness the misfortunes of our friends.


Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.


Hell hath no limits, nor is circumscribed in one self place,
for where we are is Hell, and where Hell is there must we ever be.
		-- Christopher Marlowe, "Doctor Faustus"


Only a fool has no doubts.


If 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick
and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your
shoulders and say to yourself, "Dijkstra would not have liked this",
well that would be enough immortality for me.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


A woman must be a cute, cuddly, naive little thing -- tender, sweet,
and stupid.
		-- Adolf Hitler


WYSIWYG:
	What You See Is What You Get.


Divorce is a game played by lawyers.
		-- Cary Grant


Real fur: the ultimate sadist symbol.


The trouble with heart disease is that the first
symptom is often hard to deal with: death.
		-- Michael Phelps


I don't like the Dutchman.  He's a crocodile.  He's sneaky.
I don't trust him.
		-- Jack "Legs" Diamond, just before a peace conference
		   with Dutch Schultz.

I don't trust Legs.  He's nuts.  He gets excited and starts pulling a
trigger like another guy wipes his nose.
		-- Dutch Schultz, just before a peace conference with
		   "Legs" Diamond.


To Theodore Roosevelt:
	You are like the Wind and I like the Lion.  You form the Tempest.
The sand stings my eyes and the Ground is parched.  I roar in defiance but
you do not hear.  But between us there is a difference.  I, like the lion,
must remain in my place.  While you, like the wind, will never know yours.
		Mulay Hamid El Raisuli
		Lord of the Riff
		Sultan to the Berbers
		Last of the Barbary Pirates


Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929.
Ignoring his department chief, and tying his assistant to an operating
table to prevent her interference, he placed a urethral catheter into
a vein in his arm, advanced it to the right atrium [of his heart], and
walked upstairs to the x-ray department where he took the confirmatory
x-ray film.  In 1956, Dr. Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.


The animals are not as stupid as one thinks -- they have neither
doctors nor lawyers.
		-- L. Docquier


He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for
the human condition is a fool.
		-- Albert Camus


All most people want is a little more than they'll ever get.


Luser, n.:
	Someone who picks up a female
	hitch-hiker walking home from a date.


"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux


Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"


	While hunting, a man saw a beautiful nude woman come running out of
the woods and disappear across the clearing.  Just as she got out of sight,
three men dressed in white uniforms came running out of the same woods.
"Hey, you," yelled one of them, "did you see a woman come by here?"
	"Yes," replied the hunter.  "What's the trouble?"
	"She's an inmate of the county asylum, and gets loose every now and
then.  We're trying to catch her."
	"I can understand that," said the hunter, "But why is one of you
carrying a bucket of sand?"
	"That's his handicap," said the spokesman, "he caught her last time."


		The STAR WARS Song
	Sung to the tune of "Lola", by the Kinks:

I met him in a swamp down in Dagobah
Where it bubbles all the time like a giant cabinet soda
	S-O-D-A soda
I saw the little runt sitting there on a log
I asked him his name and in a raspy voice he said Yoda
	Y-O-D-A Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

Well I've been around but I ain't never seen
A guy who looks like a Muppet but he's wrinkled and green
	Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda
Well I'm not dumb but I can't understand
How he can raise me in the air just by raising his hand
	Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda


I walked on toward Ploughwright, thinking about feces.  What a lot we
had found out about the prehistoric past from the study of fossilized
dung of long-vanished animals.  A miraculous thing, really; a recovery
from the past from what was carelessly rejected.  And in the Middle
Ages, how concerned people who lived close to the world of nature were
with the feces of animals.  And what a variety of names they had for
them:  the Crotels of a Hare, the Friants of a Boar, the Spraints of
an Otter, the Werderobe of a Badger, the Waggying of a Fox, the Fumets
of a Deer.  Surely there might be some words for the material so near
to the heart of Ozy Froats [an academic studying feces] than shit?
What about the Problems of a President, the Backward Passes of a
Footballer, the Deferrals of a Dean, the Odd Volumes of a Librarian,
the Footnotes of a Ph.D., the Low Grades of a Freshman, the Anxieties
of an Untenured Professor?
		-- Robertson Davies, "The Rebel Angels"


Dear Miss Manners:
Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.

Gentle Reader:
Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face.
If the gentleman sprayed you inadvertently to accompany enthusiastic
discourse, you may step back two paces, bring out your handkerchief,
and go through the motions of wiping your nose, while trailing the cloth
along your face to pick up whatever needs mopping along the route.  If,
however, the substance was acquired as a result of enthusiasm of a more
intimate nature, you may delicately retrieve it with a flick of your
pink tongue.


Program, n.:
	A magic spell cast over a computer allowing it to turn one's input
	into error messages.  tr.v. To engage in a pastime similar to banging
	one's head against a wall, but with fewer opportunities for reward.


The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching
train.


