Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Hear about...
	the fellow who, upon being told by his shrewish wife that she
	would dance on his grave, promptly provided for a burial at sea?


The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to
be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to
be less cunning than more virtuous men.  Oh yes ... whenever you think
you've got something really great, add ten per cent more.
		-- Bill Veeck


An idea is an eye given by God for the seeing of God.  Some of these
eyes we cannot bear to look out of, we blind them as quickly as
possible.
		-- Russell Hoban, "Pilgermann"


She asked me if I loved her still.  "Yes," I replied.  "I've never had
you any other way."


Your love life will be happy and harmonious.


A possum must be himself, and being himself he is honest.
		-- Walt Kelly


A group of politicians deciding to dump a President because his morals
are bad is like the Mafia getting together to bump off the Godfather for
not going to church on Sunday.
		-- Russell Baker


	"Welcome back for you 13th consecutive week, Evelyn.  Evelyn, will
you go into the auto-suggestion booth and take your regular place on the
psycho-prompter couch?"
	"Thank you, Red."
	"Now, Evelyn, last week you went up to $40,000 by properly citing
your rivalry with your sibling as a compulsive sado-masochistic behavior
pattern which developed out of an early post-natal feeding problem."
	"Yes, Red."
	"But -- later, when asked about pre-adolescent oedipal phantasy
repressions, you rationalized twice and mental blocked three times.  Now,
at $300 per rationalization and $500 per mental block you lost $2,100 off
your $40,000 leaving you with a total of $37,900.  Now, any combination of
two more mental blocks and either one rationalization or three defensive
projections will put you out of the game.  Are you willing to go ahead?"
	"Yes, Red."
	"I might say here that all of Evelyn's questions and answers have
been checked for accuracy with her analyst.  Now, Evelyn, for $80,000
explain the failure of your three marriages."
	"Well, I--"
	"We'll get back to Evelyn in one minute.  First a word about our
product."
		-- Jules Feiffer


There will be sex after death, we just won't be able to feel it.
		-- Lily Tomlin


They Tore Out My Heart and Stomped That Sucker Flat
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard


Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.


I can feel for her because, although I have never been an Alaskan
prostitute dancing on the bar in a spangled dress, I still get very
bored with washing and ironing and dishwashing and cooking day after
relentless day.
		-- Betty MacDonald


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Compiler optimizations have been made to macro expand LET into a WITHOUT-
INTERRUPTS special form so that it can PUSH things into a stack in the
LET-OPTIMIZATION area, SETQ the variables and then POP them back when it's
done.  Don't worry about this unless you use multiprocessing.
Note that LET *could* have been defined by:

	(LET ((LET '`(LET ((LET ',LET))
			,LET)))
	`(LET ((LET ',LET))
		,LET))

This is believed to speed up execution by as much as a factor of 1.01 or
3.50 depending on whether you believe our friendly marketing representatives.
This code was written by a new programmer here (we snatched him away from
Itty Bitti Machines where we was writing COUGHBOL code) so to give him
confidence we trusted his vows of "it works pretty well" and installed it.


sillema sillema nika su
[translation: look it up...hint-fin]


Wake up and smell the coffee.
		-- Ann Landers


The Bible on letters of reference:

	Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials?  Do
we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you?
No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any
man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
		-- 2 Corinthians 3:1-2, New English translation


Satellite Safety Tip #14:
	If you see a bright streak in the sky coming at you, duck.


Some marriages are made in heaven -- but so are thunder and lightning.


Rules for Good Grammar #4.
 1:	Don't use no double negatives.
 2:	Make each pronoun agree with their antecedents.
 3:	Join clauses good, like a conjunction should.
 4:	About them sentence fragments.
 5:	When dangling, watch your participles.
 6:	Verbs has got to agree with their subjects.
 7:	Just between you and i, case is important.
 8:	Don't write run-on sentences when they are hard to read.
 9:	Don't use commas, which aren't necessary.
10:	Try to not ever split infinitives.
11:	It is important to use your apostrophe's correctly.
12:	Proofread your writing to see if you any words out.
13:	Correct speling is essential.
14:	A preposition is something you never end a sentence with.
15:	While a transcendent vocabulary is laudable, one must be eternally
	careful so that the calculated objective of communication does not
	become ensconced in obscurity.  In other words, eschew obfuscation.


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Be sure it's true, when you say "I love you".  It's a sin to
	tell a lie.  Millions of hearts have been broken, just because
	these words were spoken.


Sic transit gloria Monday!


At once it struck me what quality went to form a man of achievement,
especially in literature, and which Shakespeare possessed so enormously
-- I mean negative capability, that is, when a man is capable of being
in uncertainties, mysteries, doubts, without any irritable reaching
after fact and reason.
		-- John Keats


The only real way to look younger is not to be born so soon.
		-- Charles Schulz, "Things I've Had to Learn Over and
		   Over and Over"


If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are
all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were
swimming.
		-- Jack Handey


	At his sentencing, Herbie Sperling proved that he was the all-time
stand-up guy.
	Sperling's lawyer made a lengthy, impassioned plea for his client.
He talked of mercy, justice, humanity to fellow men who have chosen the wrong
path.  Yes, the crimes were serious, yes, Mr. Sperling deserves a prison
sentence, but the maximum sentence was not warranted.
	Then the judge turned to Sperling.  "Mr. Sperling, is there anything
you wish to say?"
	"Yes, Your Honor.  If you think I'm going to beg for mercy, you've
got another think coming.  You're all a bunch of fucking fascist cocksuckers,
you can all go to hell, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you..."
		-- Gregory Wallace, "Papa's Game"


Coyote love, n.:
	Coyote love is a nebulous term.  Basically, what it involves is
	the taking of a member of the preferred sex home from a singles
	bar.  Then, when you wake up the next morning, they're sleeping
	on your arm.  So, rather than wake them up as you escape, you
	chew off your arm at the shoulder.

Coyote ugly, adj.:
	When you chew off the other arm 'cause she'll be looking for
	a one-armed man!

See also proof that average instantaneous beauty increases monotonically
as alcohol consumption increases and time, t, approaches last call.


Sometimes, at the end of the day, when I'm
smiling and shaking their hands, I want to kick them.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had
to be taught how not to.  So it is with the great programmers.


The Ken Thompson school of thought on expert systems:
there's table lookup, fraud, and grand fraud.
		-- Andrew Hume


The whole of life is futile unless you
consider it as a sporting proposition.


It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is
lightly greased.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Flirting is the gentle art of making a man feel pleased with himself.
		-- Helen Rowland


Behind every successful man you'll find a woman with nothing to wear.


Do you realize the responsibility I carry?  I'm the only person standing
between Nixon and the White House.
		-- John F. Kennedy, in 1960


QOTD:
	"Sure, I turned down a drink once.  Didn't understand the question."


It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
		-- Grantland Rice


How can you say that the world isn't
Jewish, when the sun's real name is Sol?


Unquestionably, there is progress.  The average American now
pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
		-- H. L. Mencken


The Poems, all three hundred of them,
may be summed up in one of their phrases:
"Let our thoughts be correct".
		-- Confucius


Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct
is to laugh.  But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me.
Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
		-- Jack Handey


Fun Facts, #63:
	The name California was given to the state by Spanish conquistadores.
	It was the name of an imaginary island, a paradise on earth, in the
	Spanish romance, "Les Serges de Esplandian", written by Montalvo in
	1510.


No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that
he will not become a nuisance after three days.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


I hate dying.
		-- Dave Johnson


At least they're _E_X_P_E_R_I_E_N_C_E_D incompetents.


Death is only a state of mind.

Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.


My notion of a husband at forty is that a woman should
be able to change him, like a bank note, for two twenties.


The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.


Let a Field Service Engineer put it in.


You can get much further with a kind word and a
gun than you can with a kind word alone.
		-- Al Capone
		   [Also attributed to Johnny Carson.  Ed.]


Come, muse, let us sing of rats!
		-- From a poem by James Grainger (1721-1767)


E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)


Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it.  No citizen
has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
		-- J. P. Morgan


When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking
about themselves.


Hailing frequencies open, Captain.


So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course
of action.  Here at last was an opportunity to consort with Dirbanu on a
friendly basis -- great Dirbanu which, since it had force fields which Earth
could not duplicate, must of necessity have many other things Earth could
use; mighty Dirbanu before whom we would kneel in supplication (with purely-
for-defense bombs hidden in our pockets) with lowered heads (making invisible
the knife in our teeth) and ask for crumbs from their table (in order to
extrapolate the location of their kitchens).
		-- T. Sturgeon, "The World Well Lost"


Indeed, the first noble truth of Buddhism, usually translated as
`all life is suffering,' is more accurately rendered `life is filled
with a sense of pervasive unsatisfactoriness.'
		-- M. D. Epstein


Smoking is, as far as I'm concerned, the entire point of being an adult.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


Never let your schooling interfere with your education.


Grain grows best in shit.
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin


"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down
to the sea and drown yourselves."

"How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why
you human beings don't."
		-- James Thurber


Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
		-- Scottish proverb


To err is humor.


I dined with Lord Hughing Fitz-Bluing
Who said, "Do you squirm when you're screwing?"
	I replied, "Simple shagging
	Without any wagging
Is only for screwing canoeing."


Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
		-- P. J. Denning


Revenge is sleeping with your enemy's wife.
Sweet revenge is the realization that she's a lousy lay.


Maternity pay?	Now every Tom, Dick and Harry will get pregnant.
		-- Malcolm Smith


Willie in the cauldron fell;		Willie saw some dynamite,
See the grief on mother's brow;		Couldn't understand it quite;
Mother loved her darling well --	Curiosity never pays:
Willie's quite hard-boiled by now.	It rained Willie seven days.

Little Willie with a shout,		William in a nice new sash,
Gouged the baby's eyeballs out;		Fell in the fire and burned to an ash.
Stamped on them to make them pop.	Now, although the room grows chilly,
Mother cried, "Now, William, stop!"	I haven't the heart to poke poor Billy.

William with a thirst for gore,		Little Willie mean as hell,
Nailed the baby to the door.		Threw his sister in the well!
Mother said, with humor quaint:		Said his mother when drawing water,
"Careful, Will, don't mar the paint."	"sure is hard to raise a daughter."
		-- Harry Graham, "Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes", 1899


It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity... {to do almost
anything in any language}.  However, the fact that it is possible to push
a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible
way of getting it there.  Each of these techniques of language extension
should be used in its proper place.
		-- Christopher Strachey


TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


She stood on the tracks
Waving her arms
Leading me to that third rail shock
Quick as a wink
She changed her mind

She gave me a night
That's all it was
What will it take until I stop
Kidding myself
Wasting my time

There's nothing else I can do
'Cause I'm doing it all for Leyna
I don't want anyone new
'Cause I'm living it all for Leyna
There's nothing in it for you
'Cause I'm giving it all to Leyna
		-- Billy Joel, "All for Leyna" (Glass Houses)


Spence's Admonition:
	Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.


More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without
necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason -- including
blind stupidity.
		-- W. A. Wulf


The idea that an arbitrary naive human should be able to properly use a given
tool without training or understanding is even more wrong for computing than
it is for other tools (e.g. automobiles, airplanes, guns, power saws).
		-- Doug Gwyn


Now the Lord God planted a garden East of Whittier in a place called
Yorba Linda, and out of the ground he made to grow orange trees that
were good for food and the fruits thereof he labeled SUNKIST ...
		-- "The Begatting of a President"


Fudd's First Law of Opposition:
	Push something hard enough and it will fall over.


The Great Movie Posters:

A mis-spawned murderous abomination from the nether reaches of an
unimaginable hell.
		-- The Killer of Castle Brood (1967)

NEW -- SICKENING HORROR to make your STOMACH TURN and FLESH CRAWL!
		-- Frankenstein's Bloody Terror (1968)

LUST-MAD MEN AND LAWLESS WOMEN IN A VICIOUS AND SENSUOUS ORGY OF
SLAUGHTER!
		-- Five Bloody Graves (1969)

The family that slays together stays together.
		-- Bloody Mama (1970)


We'll cross that bridge when we come back to it later.


The future not being born, my friend,
we will abstain from baptizing it.
		-- George Meredith


	"Richard, in being so fierce toward my vampire, you were doing
what you wanted to do, even though you thought it was going to hurt
somebody else. He even told you he'd be hurt if..."
	"He was going to suck my blood!"
	"Which is what we do to anyone when we tell them we'll be hurt
if they don't live our way."
...
	"The thing that puzzles you," he said, "is an accepted saying that
happens to be impossible.  The phrase is hurt somebody else.  We choose,
ourselves, to be hurt or not to be hurt, no matter what.  Us who decides.
Nobody else.  My vampire told you he'd be hurt if you didn't let him?  That's
his decision to be hurt, that's his choice.  What you do about it is your
decision, your choice: give him blood; ignore him; tie him up; drive a stake
through his heart.  If he doesn't want the holly stake, he's free to resist,
in whatever way he wants.  It goes on and on, choices, choices."
	"When you look at it that way..."
	"Listen," he said, "it's important.  We are all.  Free.  To do.
Whatever.  We want.  To do."
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"


Two men and a woman were stranded on a desert island -

Two weeks later, the woman was so ashamed of what she
had been doing, she committed suicide.

Two weeks later, the men were so ashamed of what they
had been doing, they buried her.

Two weeks later, the men were so ashamed of what they
had been doing, they dug her back up.


Compuberty, n.:
	The uncomfortable period of emotional and hormonal changes a
	computer experiences when the operating system is upgraded and
	a sun4 is put online sharing files.


Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, "The moon is more useful
than the sun."
	"Why?", he was asked.
	"Because at night we need the light more."


If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it
off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going down.


The difference between a sorority girl and a bowling ball
is that you can only get three fingers in a bowling ball.


As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.
When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Intentions"


Envy is a pain of mind that successful men cause their neighbors.
		-- Onasander


Did you know the University of Iowa
closed down after someone stole the book?


Riffle West Virginia is so small that the
Boy Scout had to double as the town drunk.


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


Chaste makes waste.


If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
		-- Anatole France


It's a question of Napoleon brandy versus Ripple.
I am mellow and amber and I go down real smooth.
		-- Rita Moreno, commenting in Newsweek on the sex appeal
		   of older women versus younger women


Gravity brings me down.


Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely
want to help you could agree with each other?


I accept chaos.  I am not sure whether it accepts me.  I know some people
are terrified of the bomb.  But then some people are terrified to be seen
carrying a modern screen magazine.  Experience teaches us that silence
terrifies people the most.
		-- Bob Dylan


Law of Communications:
	The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications
	between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased
	area of misunderstanding.


Guru, n.:
	A computer owner who can read the manual.


The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want,
drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
		-- Mark Twain


You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a
reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating
the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for
independence.
		-- Charles A. Beard


Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.


Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings,
and speech only to conceal their thoughts.
		-- Voltaire


Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!!
Oh wait...
I'm a computer, and you're a person.  It would never work out.
Never mind.


Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving
from where you left them to where you can't find them.


Tussman's Law:
	Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.


Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself
out of the market.


This is lemma 1.1.  We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back
to one.
		-- Prof. Seager, C&O 351


Marriage, in life, is like a duel in the midst of a battle.
		-- Edmond About


If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.  If you are real
good, you will get out of it.


Sex is like pizza -- when it's good, it's great; and when it's bad,
it's still darn tasty!


Large increases in cost with questionable increases in
performance can be tolerated only in race horses and women.
		-- Lord Kelvin


Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator.
		-- Claude Shouse

Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist.
		-- Joseph C. Wang


THEORY:
	System of ideas meant to explain something, chosen with a view to
	originality, controversialism, incomprehensibility, and how good
	it will look in print.


Jogger, n.:
	An odd sort of person with a thing for pain.


There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result.
		-- Winston Churchill


Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity.
They seem more afraid of life than death.
		-- James F. Byrnes


Said Einstein, "I have an equation
Which to some may seem Rabelaisian:
	Let _V be virginity
	Approaching infinity;
Let _P be a constant persuasion;

"Let _V over _P be inverted
With the square root of _M_u inserted
	_N times into _V ...
	The result, Q.E.D.,
Is a relative!"  Einstein asserted.


If you don't drink it, someone else will.


Ubi non accusator, ibi non judex.
(Where there is no police, there is no speed limit.)
		-- Roman Law, trans. Petr Beckmann (1971)


A triangle which has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene
triangle.


Meanwhile back at the oasis, the Ay-rabs wuz busy a-eatin' their dates!


Q:	How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	None:  The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.


Marriage has driven more than one man to sex.
		-- Peter De Vries


Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions?

D    G    G    O

O    Y    A    N

A    D    B    T

K    I    S    P
Enter words:
>


Recursion: n. See Recursion.
		-- Random Shack Data Processing Dictionary


Quickie, n.:
	A moment's piece.


