Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop


MONTANA:
	Where forty-three below keeps out the riff-raff.


Also, the Scots are said to have invented golf.  Then they had
to invent Scotch whiskey to take away the pain and frustration.


James Joyce -- an essentially private man who wished his total
indifference to public notice to be universally recognized.
		-- Tom Stoppard


QOTD:
	"Our parents were never our age."


	I for one cannot protest the recent M.T.A. fare hike and the
accompanying promises that this would in no way improve service.  For
the transit system, as it now operates, has hidden advantages that
can't be measured in monetary terms.
	Personally, I feel that it is well worth 75 cents or even $1 to
have that unimpeachable excuse whenever I am late to anything:  "I came
by subway."  Those four words have such magic in them that if Godot
should someday show up and mumble them, any audience would instantly
understand his long delay.


Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.


Vegetarians for oral sex -- "The only meat that's fit to eat"


One organism, one vote.


Two nuns, a mother superior and a new nun, are walking home one night from
church when they are attacked by two vicious rapists.  The two men drag the
nuns off into the bushes and proceed to have their way with them.  The mother
superior is very afraid, but she knows that God will protect her.  To show her
strength and trust in God she yells out "Forgive him Father, for he knows not
what he does!"
	To which the young nun replies "Oooooh, mine does!!"


Dyslexics have more fnu.


For every human problem, there is a neat,
plain solution -- and it is always wrong.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Rube Walker: "Hey, Yogi, what time is it?"
Yogi Berra:  "You mean now?"


You can't cheat the phone company.


A diva who specializes in risqu'e arias is an off-coloratura soprano.


I always pass on good advice.  It is the only thing to do with it.
It is never any good to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "An Ideal Husband"


So many women, so little nerve.


Guns don't kill people.  Bullets kill people.


	A man was traveling cross-country one summer from New York to LA.
He arrived in Needles, CA late one night and pulled into an Exxon for some
gas.  When he pulled up to the gas pumps, he noticed that all of the lights
were off.  Suddenly, he heard a faint sound from outside.  He wasn't sure
what he'd heard, so he rolled down his window and heard a faint cry,
"Help... help... help".  He got out of his car, and sure enough there was
a guy stooped down in the corner, stark naked with his wrists tied to his
ankles.  He walked up to the guy and said, "Hey, man, what happened to you?"
	"These guys pulled me out of my car, took my money, my wallet, my
clothes, tied my wrists to my ankles, and then stole my car!!"
	"Damn!", replied the first man as he unzipped his pants.  "This just
hasn't been your day, has it?"


I BET WHEN NEANDERTHAL KIDS would make a snowman, someone would always
end up saying, "Don't forget the thick heavy brows."  Then they would get
embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and
they'd get mad and eat the snowman.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Build a better mousetrap, the saying goes -- and with the brassiere,
Yankee Ingenuity did exactly that.  But their true stroke of genius was
the new bait.  The old fashioned mousetrap was loaded with cheese;
nobody cares much about cheese, except mice.  But when American
Know-How reloaded the brassiere with tits, every heterosexual male in
the country was hopelessly trapped.
		-- Alan Sherman, "The Rape of the A*P*E*"


		     JACK AND THE BEANSTACK
			  by Mark Isaak

	Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL
character named Jack.  Jack and his relations were poor.  Often their
hash table was bare.  One day Jack's parent said to him, "Our matrices
are sparse.  You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some
BASICs."  She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it
to him.
	So Jack set out.  But as he was walking along a Hamilton path,
he met the traveling salesman.
	"Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?" prompted the salesman
in high-level language.
	"I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips
and Apples," commented Jack.
	"I have a much better algorithm.  You needn't join a queue
there; I will swap your RAM for these magic kernels now."
	Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.  But when
he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she
started thrashing.
	"Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?  All these
kernels together hardly make up one byte," and she popped them out the
window ...


  I. Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of
     its situation.
	Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland.  He
	loiters in midair, soliloquizing flippantly, until he chances to
	look down.  At this point, the familiar principle of 32 feet per
	second per second takes over.
 II. Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter
     intervenes suddenly.
	Whether shot from a cannon or in hot pursuit on foot, cartoon
	characters are so absolute in their momentum that only a telephone
	pole or an outsize boulder retards their forward motion absolutely.
	Sir Isaac Newton called this sudden termination of motion the
	stooge's surcease.
III. Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation
     conforming to its perimeter.
	Also called the silhouette of passage, this phenomenon is the
	speciality of victims of directed-pressure explosions and of reckless
	cowards who are so eager to escape that they exit directly through
	the wall of a house, leaving a cookie-cutout-perfect hole.  The
	threat of skunks or matrimony often catalyzes this reaction.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980


A boy can learn a lot from a dog: obedience, loyalty, and the importance
of turning around three times before lying down.
		-- Robert Benchley


The Rabbits				The Cow
Here is a verse about rabbits		The cow is of the bovine ilk;
That doesn't mention their habits.	One end is moo, the other, milk.
		-- Ogden Nash


The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.


Hell, if you don't try to remake someone,
how are they supposed to know you care?


Don't talk to me about naval tradition.  It's nothing but rum,
sodomy and the lash.
		-- Winston Churchill


The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.


You know what they say -- the sweetest word in the English language
is revenge.
		-- Peter Beard


I disagree with what you say, but will defend
to the death your right to tell such LIES!


I am a computer.
I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.


A doctor calls his patient to give him the results of his tests.  "I have
some bad news," says the doctor, "and some worse news."  The bad news is
that you only have six weeks to live."
	"Oh, no," says the patient.  "What could possibly be worse than
that?"
	"Well," the doctor replies, "I've been trying to reach you since
last Monday."


Les salons de la ville de Trieste
Sont vaseux, suraigus, at funestes;
	Parmi les grandes chaises
	On cause des malaises,
Des estropiements, et des pestes.
		-- Edward Gorey


QOTD:
	"Who?  Me?  No, no, NO!!  But I do sell rugs."


You have an unusual equipment for success.
Be sure to use it properly.


If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad,
he should see how bad it is with representation.


I am the wandering glitch -- catch me if you can.


Kids have *_n_e_v_e_r* taken guidance from their parents.  If you could
travel back in time and observe the original primate family in the
original tree, you would see the primate parents yelling at the primate
teenager for sitting around and sulking all day instead of hunting for
grubs and berries like dad primate.  Then you'd see the primate
teenager stomp up to his branch and slam the leaves.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


One morning after an evening of particularly heavy drinking, a man awoke
and upon rolling over in bed saw one of the ugliest women he had ever
seen.  As he was about to get out of bed, he looked on the floor and saw
another woman even less appealing than the first.  Seeing his look of
wide-eyed amazement, the woman on the floor snapped, "Don't look at me
like that, I was only the bridesmaid."


How can you do "New Math" problems with an "Old Math" mind?
		-- Schulz


Chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire.


Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear -- kept us in a
continuous stampede of patriotic fervor -- with the cry of grave national
emergency...  Always there has been some terrible evil to gobble us up if we
did not blindly rally behind it by furnishing the exorbitant sums demanded.
Yet, in retrospect, these disasters seem never to have happened, seem never
to have been quite real.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur, 1957


THIS IS PLEDGE WEEK FOR THE FORTUNE PROGRAM

If you like the fortune program, why not support it now with your
contribution of a pithy fortune, clean or obscene?  We cannot continue
without your support.  Less than 14% of all fortune users are
contributors.  That means that 86% of you are getting a free ride.  We
can't go on like this much longer.  Federal cutbacks mean less money
for fortunes, and unless user contributions increase to make up the
difference, the fortune program will have to shut down between midnight
and 8 a.m.  Don't let this happen.  Mail your fortunes right now to
"fortune".  Just type in your favorite pithy saying.  Do it now before
you forget.  Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
Don't miss out.  All fortunes will be acknowledged.  If you contribute
30 fortunes or more, you will receive a free subscription to "The
Fortune Hunter", our monthly program guide.  If you contribute 50 or
more, you will receive a free "Fortune Hunter" coffee mug ...


A rolling disk gathers no MOS.


The difference between this school and a cactus plant is that the
cactus has the pricks on the outside.


If you're happy, you're successful.


Real computer scientists don't program in assembler.  They don't write
in anything less portable than a number two pencil.


You can't teach people to be lazy --
either they have it, or they don't.
		-- Dagwood Bumstead


[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.
		-- K&R


Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
		-- P. E. Trudeau


Abbott's Admonitions:
	1: If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know.
	2: If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked
		the question.
		-- Charles Abbot, dean, University of Virginia


When the weight of the paperwork equals the weight of the plane, the
plane will fly.
		-- Donald Douglas


It is easier to be a "humanitarian" than to render your own country its
proper due; it is easier to be a "patriot" than to make your community a
better place to live in; it is easier to be a "civic leader" than to treat
your own family with loving understanding; for the smaller the focus of
attention, the harder the task.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.  But flowers work almost as well.
		-- Lazarus Long


Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
		-- W. C. Fields


The genital area of Ann
Will accommodate any size man,
	From the wee that cause titters
	To the mighty twat-splitters
That cause screams peasants hear in Japan.


People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they
did yesterday.


We have nowhere else to go... this is all we have.
		-- Margaret Mead


Peter's Law of Substitution:
	Look after the molehills, and the
	mountains will look after themselves.

Peter's Principle of Success:
	Get up one time more than you're knocked down.

Peter's Principle:
	In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to the level of
	his incompetence.


Under capitalism, man exploits man.  Under Communism, it's just the
opposite.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


I have had my television aerials removed.  It's the moral equivalent
of a prostate operation.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


Life is like an analogy.


Time to take stock.
Go home with some office supplies.


Rules for Good Grammar #4.
 1:	Don't use no double negatives.
 2:	Make each pronoun agree with their antecedents.
 3:	Join clauses good, like a conjunction should.
 4:	About them sentence fragments.
 5:	When dangling, watch your participles.
 6:	Verbs has got to agree with their subjects.
 7:	Just between you and i, case is important.
 8:	Don't write run-on sentences when they are hard to read.
 9:	Don't use commas, which aren't necessary.
10:	Try to not ever split infinitives.
11:	It is important to use your apostrophe's correctly.
12:	Proofread your writing to see if you any words out.
13:	Correct speling is essential.
14:	A preposition is something you never end a sentence with.
15:	While a transcendent vocabulary is laudable, one must be eternally
	careful so that the calculated objective of communication does not
	become ensconced in obscurity.  In other words, eschew obfuscation.




An office party is not, as is sometimes supposed the Managing Director's
chance to kiss the tea-girl.  It is the tea-girl's chance to kiss the
Managing Director (however bizarre an ambition this may seem to anyone
who has seen the Managing Director face on).
		-- Katherine Whitehorn, "Roundabout"


A drunk was sitting at the end of the bar in a popular singles' place,
watching a young, good-looking man working his way through the women.  The
guy didn't appear to be having much luck, and he was only spending a few
moments with each woman.  As he worked his way closer, while he couldn't
hear what the young man was saying, he realized that the women were somewhat
shocked at his approach.  Finally, the man approaches a pretty brunette and
they hit it off immediately.  After a bit of quiet conversation, she handed
the young man her hotel key and they started off for the elevators.  As they
passed the drunk, he stopped the lucky one and asked him what his method was.
	"Well," the man replied, "It's simple.  You say 'Tickle your ass
with a feather?'  If she sounds interested, you take it from there.  If she
sounds angry, you smile and say 'Typically nasty weather.'"
	The drunk says "Ohhhhh, got it, I got it!" and walks over to a woman
at the end of the bar to try out his new approach.  Getting her attention,
he smiles and says "Fuck me!"
	"What?!?!?" she screams.
	"Raining like hell, isn't it?"


Anya:	Look, I know you find me attractive, I've seen you looking
	at my breasts.
Xander:	Nothing personal, but when a guy does that it just means
	his eyes are open.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.


I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.
		-- Princess Leia Organa


Anxious after the delay, Gruber doesn't waste any time getting the Koenig
[a modified Porsche] up to speed, and almost immediately we are blowing off
Alfas, Fiats, and Lancias full of excited Italians.  These people love fast
cars.  But they love sport too and no passing encounter goes unchallenged.
Nothing serious, just two wheels into your lane as you're bearing down on
them at 130-plus -- to see if you're paying attention.
		-- Road & Track article about driving two absurdly fast
		   cars across Europe.


The Bible contains six admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments
to heterosexuals.  That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals.
It's just that they need more supervision.


Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.


It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.
What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing
thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
		-- Alan J. Perlis


A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952


An Englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose.
		-- A. P. Herbert


I predict that today will be remembered until tomorrow!


Being stoned on marijuana isn't very different from being stoned on
gin.
		-- Ralph Nader


Can't open /usr/share/games/fortune/fortunes.dat.


If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and
over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Eisenhower was very nice,
Nixon was his only vice.
		-- C. Degen


So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as
large as it needs to be?


When I was growing up my mother kept telling me we're just friends.

I tell ya I was an ugly kid.  I was so ugly that my Dad kept the kid's
picture that came with the wallet he bought.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


As me an' me marrer was readin' a tyape,
The tyape gave a shriek mark an' tried tae escyape;
It skipped ower the gyate tae the end of the field,
An' jigged oot the room wi' a spool an' a reel!
Follow the leader, Johnny me laddie,
Follow it through, me canny lad O;
Follow the transport, Johnny me laddie,
Away, lad, lie away, canny lad O!
		-- S. Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


The greatest joy a man can know is to conquer his enemies and drive them
before him.  To ride their horses and take away their possessions.  To see
the faces of those who were dear to them bedewed with tears, and to clasp
their wives and daughters to his arms.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
		-- Quintus Ennius


	While riding in a train between London and Birmingham, a woman
inquired of Oscar Wilde, "You don't mind if I smoke, do you?"
	Wilde gave her a sidelong glance and replied, "I don't mind if
you burn, madam."


ASCII:
	The control code for all beginning programmers and those who would
	become computer literate.  Etymologically, the term has come down as
	a contraction of the often-repeated phrase "ascii and you shall
	receive."
		-- Robb Russon


Scenary is here, wish you were beautiful.


Sic Transit Gloria Thursdi.


The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.


Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.


Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.


When it is not necessary to make a decision,
it is necessary not to make a decision.


Happiness is twin floppies.


Information Center, n.:
	A room staffed by professional computer people whose job it is
to tell you why you cannot have the information you require.


Mathematicians are like Frenchmen: whatever you say to them they translate
into their own language, and forthwith it is something entirely different.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


Wanna tell you all a story 'bout a man named Jed,
A poor mountaineer, barely kept his family fed.
But then one day he was shootin' at some food,
When up through the ground come a bubblin' crude -- oil, that is;
	black gold; "Texas tea" ...

Well the next thing ya know, old Jed's a millionaire.
The kinfolk said, "Jed, move away from there!"
They said, "Californy is the place ya oughta be",
So they loaded up the truck and they moved to Beverly -- Hills, that is;
	swimmin' pools; movie stars.


Cohn's Law:
	The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less
	time you have to do anything.  Stability is achieved when you spend
	all your time reporting on the nothing you are doing.


In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and
struggled and had lots of children.  There was a Frenchman who talked funny
and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the
crunch he was all courage.  Those novels would make you retch.
		-- Canadian novelist Robertson Davies, on the generic Canadian
		   novel.


If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time
someone pulls out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with
your Bic.


Excellent time to become a missing person.


Cthulhu Saves -- in case He's hungry later.


	With deep concern, if not alarm, Dick noted that his friend
Conrad was drunker than he'd ever seen him before.  "What's the trouble,
buddy?", he asked, sliding onto the stool next to his friend.
	"It's a woman, Dick," Conrad replied.
	"I guessed that much.  Tell me about it."
	"I can't," Conrad said.  But after a few more drinks his tongue
and resolution both seemed to weaken and, turning to his buddy, he said,
"Okay. It's your wife."
	"My wife!!"
	"Yeah."
	"What about her?"
	Conrad pondered the question heavily, and draped his arm around
his pal.  "Well, buddy-boy," he said, "I'm afraid she's cheating on us."


How soon can you have sexual relations after your wife delivers?
Well, depends on if she's in a ward or a private room.


There is no bad taste.  There is only good taste, and that is bad.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Are there those in the land of the brave
Who can tell me how I should behave
	When I am disgraced
	Because I erased
A file I intended to save?


A good sysadmin always carries around a few feet of fiber. If he ever
gets lost, he simply drops the fiber on the ground, waits ten minutes,
then asks the backhoe operator for directions.
		-- Bill Bradford <mrbill@mrbill.net>


The first time, it's a KLUDGE!
The second, a trick.
Later, it's a well-established technique!
		-- Mike Broido, Intermetrics


Do you suffer painful elimination?
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Structured Programming with Gotos"

Do you suffer painful recrimination?
		-- Nancy Boxer, "Structured Programming with Come-froms"

Do you suffer painful illumination?
		-- Isaac Newton, "Optics"

Do you suffer painful hallucination?
		-- Don Juan, cited by Carlos Casteneda


Why You Can't Run When There's Trouble in the Office:
	No matter where you stand, no matter how far or fast you flee,
when it hits the fan, as much as possible will be propelled in your
direction, and almost none will be returned to the source.
		-- John L. Shelton


	The General disliked trying to explain the highly technical
inner workings of the U.S. Air Force.
	"$7,662 for a ten cup coffee maker, General?" the Senator asked.
	In his head he ran through his standard explanations.  "It's not so,"
he thought.  "It's a deterrent."  Soon he came up with, "It's computerized,
Senator.  Tiny computer chips make coffee that's smooth and full-bodied.  Try
a cup."
	The Senator did.  "Pfffttt!  Tastes like jet fuel!"
	"It's not so," the General thought.  "It's a deterrent."
	Then he remembered something.  "We bought a lot of untested computer
chips," the General answered.  "They got into everything.  Just a little
mix-up.  Nothing serious."
	Then he remembered something else.  It was at the site of the
mysterious B-1 crash.  A strange smell in the fuel lines.  It smelled like
coffee.  Smooth and full bodied...
		-- Another Episode of General's Hospital


Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus.

Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.


For what it's worth, if you -can- get Michelle Pfeiffer to model
a latex daemon suit for the catalog, I strongly suggest you do.
Breasts can sell anything. Shiny red latex body suits start
religions.
		-- Brian McGroarty <bvmcg@yahoo.com>


