I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.


In the next world, you're on your own.


The trouble with a kitten is that
When it grows up, it's always a cat
		-- Ogden Nash


Cut a man's hand when you fight him.  He'll freeze, fascinated by the sight
of his own blood.  That's when you stick him in the throat.
		-- Gerry Youghkins

If you look rather casual with the knife when you flick it open, people
don't like it.
		-- Gerry Youghkins


When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman.  After school we'd
all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he would eat one of us.
It wasn't until later that I found out that Uncle Caveman was a bear.
		-- Jack Handey


Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.


An Hacker there was, one of the finest sort
Who controlled the system; graphics was his sport.
A manly man, to be a wizard able;
Many a protected file he had sitting on his table.
His console, when he typed, a man might hear
Clicking and feeping wind as clear,
Aye, and as loud as does the machine room bell
Where my lord Hacker was Prior of the cell.
The Rule of good St Savage or St Doeppnor
As old and strict he tended to ignore;
He let go by the things of yesterday
And took the modern world's more spacious way.
He did not rate that text as a plucked hen
Which says that Hackers are not holy men.
And that a hacker underworked is a mere
Fish out of water, flapping on the pier.
That is to say, a hacker out of his cloister.
That was a text he held not worth an oyster.
And I agreed and said his views were sound;
Was he to study till his head wend round
Poring over books in the cloisters?  Must he toil
As Andy bade and till the very soil?
Was he to leave the world upon the shelf?
Let Andy have his labor to himself!
		-- Chaucer
		   [well, almost.  Ed.]


All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett


It looks like it's up to me to save our skins.
Get into that garbage chute, flyboy!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


From the Pro 350 Pocket Service Guide, p. 49, Step 5 of the
instructions on removing an I/O board from the card cage, comes a new
experience in sound:

	5.  Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees.  The pin-spreading
	    sound is normal for this type of connector.


An evil mind is a great comfort.


Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.


Olmstead's Law:
	After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.


Monterey... is decidedly the pleasantest and most civilized-looking place
in California ... [it] is also a great place for cock-fighting, gambling
of all sorts, fandangos, and various kinds of amusements and knavery.
		-- Richard Henry Dama, "Two Years Before the Mast", 1840


There were the Scots
Who kept the Sabbath
And everything else they could lay their hands on.
Then there were the Welsh
Who prayed on their knees and their neighbors.
Thirdly there were the Irish
Who never knew what they wanted
But were willing to fight for it anyway.
Lastly there were the English
Who considered themselves a self-made nation
Thus relieving the Almighty of a dreadful responsibility.


A hypothetical paradox:
	What would happen in a battle between an Enterprise security team,
who always get killed soon after appearing, and a squad of Imperial
Stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a planet?
		-- Tom Galloway


Goose pimples rose all over me, my hair stood on end, my eyes filled with
tears of love and gratitude for this greatest of all conquerors of human
misery and shame, and my breath came in little gasps.  If I had not known
that the Leader would have scorned such adulation, I might have fallen to
my knees in unashamed worship, but instead I drew myself to attention, raised
my arm in the eternal salute of the ancient Roman Legions and repeated the
holy words, "Heil Hitler!"
		-- George Lincoln Rockwell


It's not the ups and downs of love, it's the ins and outs.


Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.


About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.


Air is water with holes in it.


Her brother, a bastard named Ben,
Could rotate his pecker, and then
	He would shoot through his rear
	Which made him dear
Of the girls, and the envy of men.


It will be advantageous to cross the great stream ... the Dragon is on
the wing in the Sky ... the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.


There's many a slurp t'wixt the tip and the zip.


I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
Don't want to be on my feet,
When I can be on my back,
Don't want to be on the floor,
When I can be in the sack!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
I'm just a little bit tired
If you know what I mean,
Don't want to be in a crowd
When I can be in a dream!
I'm a lover not a dancer!
Baby!
And, baby, let me prove it to you,
Baby, let me prove it to you!
		-- Jim Steinman, "Dance in my Pants"


There is no time like the pleasant.


Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have
drawn them there.  What you choose to do with them is up to you.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


To err is human; to admit it, a blunder.


Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself.  Being
true to anyone else or anything else is not only impossible, but the
mark of a fake messiah.  The simplest questions are the most profound.
Where were you born?  Where is your home?  Where are you going?  What
are you doing?  Think about these once in awhile and watch your answers
change.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
		-- The Beach Boys


I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
		-- graffito in Los Angeles

On a clear day,
U.C.L.A.
		-- graffito in San Francisco

There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our
lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
		-- Robert Orben


The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.


The most common given name in the world is Mohammad; the most common
family name in the world is Chang.  Can you imagine the enormous number
of people in the world named Mohammad Chang?
		-- Derek Wills


My mother drinks to forget she drinks.
		-- Crazy Jimmy


Money is its own reward.


I love being married.  It's so great to find that one special
person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
		-- Rita Rudner


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18)
	You have nothing better to think about than what to wear and what
type of champagne to take to the neighbors Halloween Party.  Just take beer!
Don't try to copy the "Joneses", pull them up to your level and remember, in
California Halloween is redundant anyhow.

PISCES (Feb. 19 - March 20)
	Focus on strengthening friendships this Fall.  You find others are
fascinated by your intelligence, your wit, your drinking ability, and your
bank account.  Just make sure you realize it's far more impressive when
other discover your good qualities without your help.


You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.


The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is
that they serve to represent the complex of our experiences;
beyond this they have no legitimacy.
		-- Albert Einstein


If atheism is to be used to express the state of mind in which God is
identified with the unknowable, and theology is pronounced to be a
collection of meaningless words about unintelligible chimeras, then
I have no doubt, and I think few people doubt, that atheists are as
plentiful as blackberries.
		-- Leslie Stephen


There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.


An elderly couple were flying to their Caribbean hideaway on a chartered plane
when a terrible storm forced them to land on an uninhabited island.  When
several days passed without rescue, the couple and their pilot sank into a
despondent silence. Finally, the woman asked her husband if he had made his
usual pledge to the United Way Campaign.
	"We're running out of food and water and you ask *that*?" her husband
barked.  "If you really need to know, I not only pledged a half million but
I've already paid them half of it."
	"You owe the U.W.C. a *quarter million*?" the woman exclaimed
euphorically.  "Don't worry, Harry, they'll find us!  They'll find us!"


Committee Rules:
	(1) Never arrive on time, or you will be stamped a beginner.
	(2) Don't say anything until the meeting is half over; this
	    stamps you as being wise.
	(3) Be as vague as possible; this prevents irritating the
	    others.
	(4) When in doubt, suggest that a subcommittee be appointed.
	(5) Be the first to move for adjournment; this will make you
	    popular -- it's what everyone is waiting for.


Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint Him.


	Churchill was known to drain a glass or two and, after one
particularly convivial evening, he chanced to encounter Miss Bessie Braddock,
a Socialist member of the House of Commons, who, upon seeing his condition,
said, "Winston, you're drunk."  Mustering all his dignity, Churchill drew
himself up to his full height, cocked an eyebrow and rejoined, "Shove it up
your ass, you ugly cunt."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


	Never ask your lover if he'd dive in front of an oncoming train for
you.  He doesn't know.  Never ask your lover if she'd dive in front of an
oncoming band of Hell's Angels for you.  She doesn't know.  Never ask how many
cigarettes your lover has smoked today.  Cancer is a personal commitment.
	Never ask to see pictures of your lover's former lovers -- especially
the ones who dived in front of trains.  If you look like one of them, you are
repeating history's mistakes.  If you don't, you'll wonder what he or she saw
in the others.
	While we are on the subject of pictures: You may admire the picture
of your lover cavorting naked in a tidal pool on Maui.  Don't ask who took
it.  The answer is obvious.  A Japanese tourist took the picture.
	Never ask if your lover has had therapy.  Only people who have had
therapy ask if people have had therapy.
	Don't ask about plaster casts of male sex organs marked JIMI, JIM, etc.
Assume that she bought them at a flea  market.
		-- James Peterson and Kate Nolan


Hear that...
	the Pope's next pronouncement on birth control is to be titled
	"Paul's Epistle to the Fallopians"?


Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure
that you're the one holding it.
		-- Mr. Greenfatigues


You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.


Sam:	What's going on, Normie?
Norm:	My birthday, Sammy.  Give me a beer, stick a candle in
	it, and I'll blow out my liver.
		-- Cheers, Where Have All the Floorboards Gone

Woody:	Hey, Mr. P.  How goes the search for Mr. Clavin?
Norm:	Not as well as the search for Mr. Donut.
	Found him every couple of blocks.
		-- Cheers, Head Over Hill


Too much is not enough.


The bold youth of today is very lonely.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Philadelphia is not dull -- it just seems so because it is next to
exciting Camden, New Jersey.


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.


As well look for a needle in a bottle of hay.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


WASP, n.:
	Someone who gets out of the shower to take a piss.


Code rot -- mostly caused by people redefining "fresh".
		-- Wes Peters


She asked me, "What's your sign?"
I blinked and answered "Neon,"
I thought I'd blow her mind...


No Civil War picture ever made a nickel.
		-- MGM executive Irving Thalberg to Louis B. Mayer about
		   film rights to "Gone With the Wind".
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"


Hackers have kernel knowledge.


You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but
only for a limited period of time.  Why should we think that collectively,
as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?
		-- Ronald Reagan


You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
		-- Janis Joplin


When confronted by a difficult problem, you can often solve it quite
easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger
handle this?"


If parents would only realize how they bore their children.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


There is no such thing as pure pleasure;
some anxiety always goes with it.


I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable
to sit still in a room.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Dr. Fritzkee's Lucky Astrology Diet

The problem with the diets of today is that most women who do achieve
that magic weight, seventy-six pounds, are still fat.  Dr. Fritzkee's
Lucky Astrology Diet is a sure-fire method of reducing with the added
luxury that you never feel hungry.

Here's how the diet works:

	FOODS ALLOWED
First Month:	One egg
Second Month:	A raisin
Third Month:	Pumpkin pie with whipped cream and chocolate sauce.

If after the third month you haven't gotten to your dream weight, try
lopping off parts of your body until those scales tip just right for you.


QOTD:
	"I'd drag my dick a mile over broken glass just to masturbate in
	her shadow!"


Another possible source of guidance for teenagers is television, but
television's message has always been that the need for truth, wisdom
and world peace pales by comparison with the need for a toothpaste that
offers whiter teeth *_a_n_d* fresher breath.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.


	"But Huey, you PROMISED!"
	"Tell 'em I lied."


You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.


The American system of ours, call it Americanism, call it Capitalism,
call it what you like, gives each and every one of us a great
opportunity if we only seize it with both hands and make the most of it.
		-- Al Capone


The big cities of America are becoming Third World countries.
		-- Nora Ephron


I remember once being on a station platform in Cleveland at four in the
morning.  A black porter was carrying my bags, and as we were waiting for
the train to come in, he said to me: "Excuse me, Mr. Cooke, I don't want to
invade your privacy, but I have a bet with a friend of mine.  Who composed
the opening theme music of `Omnibus'?  My friend said Virgil Thomson."  I
asked him, "What do you say?" He replied, "I say Aaron Copeland." I said,
"You're right."  The porter said, "I knew Thomson doesn't write counterpoint
that way."  I told that to a network president, and he was deeply unimpressed.
		-- Alistair Cooke


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#8

Going Out:
	When a man says he is ready to go out, it means he is ready to go
out.  When a woman says she is ready to go out, it means she WILL be ready
to go out, as soon as she finds her earring, finishes putting on her makeup,
checks on the kids, makes a phone call to her best friend...

Cats:
	Women love cats.  Men say they love cats, but when women aren't
looking, men kick cats.

Offspring:
	Ah, children.  A woman knows all about her children.  She knows
about dentist appointments and soccer games and romances and best friends
and favorite foods and secret fears and hopes and dreams.  Men are vaguely
aware of some short people living in the house.


James McNeill Whistler's (painter of "Whistler's Mother") failure in his
West Point chemistry examination once provoked him to remark in later life,
"If silicon had been a gas, I should have been a major general."


Good evening Ladies and Gentlemen!
Here's a little number I tossed up in the Caribbean recently...

Isn't it awfully nice to have a Penis,
isn't it frightfully good to have a Dong.

It's swell to have a Stiffy,
it's divine to have a Dick,
from the tinyest little Tadger,
to the world's greatest Prick.

So, breeches for your Willy or John-Thomas,
Hooray! for your One Eyed Trouser's Snake.

Your Piece of Pork, your Wife's best friend,
your Porky or your Cock,
you can wrap it up in ribbons,
you can stick it in your sock!

But, don't take it out in public,
or they will stick you in the dock,
and you won't come back.
		-- Monty Python, "The Meaning of Life"


Psychologists think they're experimental psychologists.
Experimental psychologists think they're biologists.
Biologists think they're biochemists.
Biochemists think they're chemists.
Chemists think they're physical chemists.
Physical chemists think they're physicists.
Physicists think they're theoretical physicists.
Theoretical physicists think they're mathematicians.
Mathematicians think they're metamathematicians.
Metamathematicians think they're philosophers.
Philosophers think they're gods.


Your present plans will be successful.


Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.


Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too
impossibly bad.
		-- Honore de Balzac


QOTD:
	"I've always wanted to work in the Federal Mint.  And then go on
	strike.  To make less money."


Did you know about the -o option of the fortune program?  It makes a
selection from a set of offensive and/or obscene fortunes.  Why not
try it, and see how offended you are?  The -a ("all") option will
select a fortune at random from either the offensive or inoffensive
set, and it is suggested that "fortune -a" is the command that you
should have in your .profile or .cshrc. file.


The rules are rather simple to understand:  Under democracy you
can defend any view, but only defend it.  You can not try to realize
it through power, violence or weapons.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.


Yeah, I used to be into necrophilia, bestiality and sadism, but then I
realized I was just flogging a dead horse.


Your mode of life will be changed for
the better because of new developments.


Having no talent is no longer enough.
		-- Gore Vidal


I don't know what Descartes' got,
But booze can do what Kant cannot.
		-- Mike Cross


A figure with curves always offers a lot of interesting angles.


The Pope is working on a crossword puzzle one Sunday afternoon.  He stops
for a moment, scratches his forehead, then asks a Cardinal, "Can you think
of a four-letter word for `woman' that ends in `u-n-t'?"
	"Aunt," replies the Cardinal.
	"Say, thanks," says the Pope.  "You got an eraser?"


Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!


Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.


Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if
each acts like a vulture, all will end as doves.


A little word of doubtful number,
A foe to rest and peaceful slumber.
If you add an "s" to this,
Great is the metamorphosis.
Plural is plural now no more,
And sweet what bitter was before.
What am I?


Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or
situations that can't bear inspection.


WE'LL LOOK INTO IT:
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it,too.


Some primal termite knocked on wood.
And tasted it, and found it good.
And that is why your Cousin May
Fell through the parlor floor today.
		-- Ogden Nash


Truth is free, but information costs.


Linus:	Hi!  I thought it was you.
	I've been watching you from way off...  You're looking great!
Snoopy:	That's nice to know.
	The secret of life is to look good at a distance.


As long as I am mayor of this city [Jersey City, New Jersey] the great
industries are secure.  We hear about constitutional rights, free speech
and the free press.  Every time I hear these words I say to myself, "That
man is a Red, that man is a Communist".  You never hear a real American
talk like that.
		-- Frank Hague (1896-1956)


A nuclear family is out golfing one day, when it becomes clear that Dad isn't
going to win any trophies, at least on this course.  On the 3rd hole, after
two miserable bogies, he misses a two foot putt and exclaims, "Shit!"
	His wife glances over at their sixteen year old daughter and says
nothing.
	On the fourth hole Dad tees off with an incredible hook, and, after
the inevitable exclamation, his wife reproves him with "Honey!"
	This continues on, with his golfing getting worse and his wife getting
more and more upset about his language.  Finally, on the 17th hole, he again
misses a very easy putt.  Flinging his club down, he curses the hole, the
club, and the sunset, using the word "fuck" for the first time.  His wife
whirls around and cries, "Honey!  Our daughter is standing right next to you!"
	Feeling remorseful, but somewhat defensive, he turns to the
daughter and says, "Well, Cindy, you've heard that word before, haven't
you?"
	"Yes," the daughter replies, "but never in anger."


The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and
vinyl.
		-- Dave Barry


Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor):
	That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
	or subtracted from the answer you got, gives you the answer you
	should have gotten.


The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality
of functions performed by private citizens.
		-- Alexis de Tocqueville


Seems a computer engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were
driving down a mountain when the brakes gave out.  They screamed down the
mountain, gaining speed, but finally managed to grind to a halt, more by
luck than anything else, just inches from a thousand foot drop to jagged
rocks.  They all got out of the car:
	The computer engineer said, "I think I can fix it."
	The systems analyst said, "No, no, I think we should take it
into town and have a specialist look at it."
	The programmer said, "OK, but first I think we should get back
in and see if it does it again."


Q:	What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
A:	Open other end.


Support your local church or synagogue.
Worship at Bank of America.


All things dull and ugly, All creatures short and squat,
	All things rude and nasty, The Lord God made the lot;
Each little snake that poisons, Each little wasp that stings,
	He made their brutish venom, He made their horrid wings.
All things sick and cancerous, All evil great and small,
	All things foul and dangerous, The Lord God made them all.
Each nasty little hornet, Each beastly little squid.
	Who made the spikey urchin? Who made the sharks?  He did.
All things scabbed and ulcerous, All pox both great and small.
	Putrid, foul and gangrenous, The Lord God made them all.
		-- Monty Python's Flying Circus


My geometry teacher was sometimes acute, and sometimes obtuse,
but always, always, he was right.


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


One of the most overlooked advantages to computers is...  If they do
foul up, there's no law against whacking them around a little.
		-- Joe Martin


Double!


Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning:
	It's on the other side.


2180, U.S. History question:
	What 20th Century U.S. President was almost impeached and what
office did he later hold?


Reality always seems harsher in the early morning.


Hear about...
	the little boy that found a fifty cent piece, so he went home
	for some money?


Everyone in the office is welcome to join the group going to the Columbus
Theater tonight.  Meet in the lobby at 8:30.  The films are "Blue Jennifer"
and "Hot Coed Cheerleaders".


Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.


When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Doorways in the Sand"


One of the most expensive things in life
is a girl who is free for the evening.


You will contract a rare disease.


Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of
them keeps paying for it.
		-- Peggy Joyce


A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.


Hollerith, v.:
	What thou doest when thy phone is on the fritzeth.


Yuck Foo.


Violence stinks, no matter which end of it you're on.  But now and then
there's nothing left to do but hit the other person over the head with a
frying pan.  Sometimes people are just begging for that frypan, and if we
weaken for a moment and honor their request, we should regard it as
impulsive philanthropy, which we aren't in any position to afford, but
shouldn't regret it too loudly lest we spoil the purity of the deed.
		-- Tom Robbins


Back in the early 60's, touch tone phones only had 10 buttons.  Some
military versions had 16, while the 12 button jobs were used only by people
who had "diva" (digital inquiry, voice answerback) systems -- mainly banks.
Since in those days, only Western Electric made "data sets" (modems) the
problems of terminology were all Bell System.  We used to struggle with
written descriptions of dial pads that were unfamiliar to most people
(most phones were rotary then.)  Partly in jest, some AT&T engineering
types (there was no marketing in the good old days, which is why they were
the good old days) made up the term "octalthorpe" (note spelling) to denote
the "pound sign."  Presumably because it has 8 points sticking out.  It
never really caught on.


To know Edina is to reject it.
		-- Dudley Riggs, "The Year the Grinch Stole the Election"


It's the good girls who keep the diaries, the bad girls never have the time.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


HENPECKED HUSBAND:
	One who's afraid to tell his pregnant wife that he's sterile.


A man who cannot seduce men cannot save them either.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


A man who likes to lie in bed can usually
find a girl willing to listen to him.


In case of atomic attack, all work rules will be temporarily suspended.


A memorandum is written not to inform the reader,
but to protect the writer.
		-- Dean Acheson


What did you bring that book I didn't want
to be read to out of about Down Under up for?


Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases
great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


TO THOSE OF YOU WHO DESIRE IT, I GRANT YOU MADRAK'S BLESSING:

	Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care
what I say, I ask, if it matters, that you be forgiven for anything you
may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness.
	Conversely, if not forgiveness but something else be required
to insure any possible benefit for which you may be eligible after the
destruction of your body, I ask that this, whatever it may be, be granted
or withheld, as the case may be, in such a manner as to insure your
receiving said benefit.
	I ask this in my capacity as your elected intermediary between
yourself and that which may have an interest in the matter of your receiving
as much as it is possible for you to receive of this thing, and which may
in some way be influenced by this ceremony.
	Amen.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Creatures of Light and Darkness", 1969


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #4

WITLESS:
	Peter Weir directs Sylvester Stallone in the most challenging role
	of his career.  Stallone plays a Philadelphia police officer on the
	run from corrupt officials.  He is wounded and then nursed back to
	health by Amish Mennonites.  Fearful that they might unwittingly
	reveal his hiding place, he blows them all away.


Actually, the probability is 100% that the elevator
will be going in the right direction.  Proof by induction:

N=1.	Trivially true, since both you and the elevator
	only have one floor to go to.

Assume true for N, prove for N+1:
	If you are on any of the first N floors, then it is true by the
	induction hypothesis.  If you are on the N+1st floor, then both you
	and the elevator have only one choice, namely down.  Therefore,
	it is true for all N+1 floors.
QED.


Masturbation, n.:
	A self-service elevator.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#16

Relationships:
	First of all, a man does not call a relationship a relationship -- he
refers to it as "that time when me and Suzie were doing it on a semi-regular
basis".
	When a relationship ends, a woman will cry and pour her heart out to
her girlfriends, and she will write a poem titled "All Men Are Idiots".  Then
she will get on with her life.
	A man has a little more trouble letting go.  Six months after the
breakup, at 3:00 a.m. on a Saturday night, he will call and say, "I just
wanted to let you know you ruined my life, and I'll never forgive you, and I
hate you, and you're a total floozy.  But I want you to know that there's
always a chance for us".  This is known as the "I Hate You / I Love You"
drunken phone call, that 99% if all men have made at least once.  There are
community colleges that offer courses to help men get over this need; alas,
these classes rarely prove effective.


Hackers do it with fewer instructions.


You can get more of what you want with a kind word and a gun than you
can with just a kind word.
		-- Bumper Sticker


