Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17 -- SARTRE

	Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely
unstructured language.  Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are.
Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions.  SARTRE
programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.


When you're down and out, lift up your
voice and shout, "I'M DOWN AND OUT"!


Her brother, a bastard named Ben,
Could rotate his pecker, and then
	He would shoot through his rear
	Which made him dear
Of the girls, and the envy of men.


Is this really happening?


Men ought to know that from the brain and from the brain only arise our
pleasures, joys, laughter, and jests as well as our sorrows, pains, griefs
and tears.  ...  It is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious,
inspires us with dread and fear, whether by night or by day, brings us
sleeplessness, inopportune mistakes, aimless anxieties, absent-mindedness
and acts that are contrary to habit...
		-- Hippocrates, "The Sacred Disease"


You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.


Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL.
		-- Mae West


	"Can you hammer a 6-inch spike into a wooden plank with your
penis?"
	"Uh, not right now."
	"Tsk.  A girl has to have some standards."
		-- "Real Genius"


Epperson's law:
	When a man says it's a silly, childish game, it's probably
	something his wife can beat him at.


A bachelor is a man who never made the same mistake once.


Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.


As for Carter being for registration but against the draft, isn't that
sort of being like for putting it in and not taking it out?  Even if it
was possible not to follow through, you'd still be getting screwed.


One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.


And do you not think that each of you women is an Eve?  The judgment of God
upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of
criminal at the bar of justice.
		-- Tertullian, second-century Christian writer


From the moment I picked your book up until I put it down I was
convulsed with laughter.  Some day I intend reading it.
		-- Groucho Marx, from "The Book of Insults"


If life's a piece of shit, Calculus III is the spoon.


A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
		-- George Eliot


Fuck'em if they can't take a joke!


	Hack placidly amidst the noisy printers and remember what prizes there
may be in Science.  As fast as possible get a good terminal on a good system.
Enter your data clearly but always encrypt your results.  And listen to others,
even the dull and ignorant, for they may be your customers.  Avoid loud and
aggressive persons, for they are sales reps.
	If you compare your outputs with those of others, you may be surprised,
for always there will be greater and lesser numbers than you have crunched.
Keep others interested in your career, and try not to fumble; it can be a real
hassle and could change your fortunes in time.
	Exercise system control in your experiments, for the world is full of
bugs.  But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive
for linearity and everywhere papers are full of approximations.  Strive for
proportionality.  Especially, do not faint when it occurs.  Neither be cyclical
about results; for in the face of all data analysis it is sure to be noticed.
	Take with a grain of salt the anomalous data points.  Gracefully pass
them on to the youth at the next desk.  Nurture some mutual funds to shield
you in times of sudden layoffs.  But do not distress yourself with imaginings
-- the real bugs are enough to screw you badly.  Murphy's Law runs the
Universe -- and whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt <Curl>B*n dS = 0.
	Therefore, grab for a piece of the pie, with whatever proposals you
can conceive of to try.  With all the crashed disks, skewed data, and broken
line printers, you can still have a beautiful secretary.  Be linear.  Strive
to stay employed.
		-- Technolorata, "Analog"


Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases
great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


All men have the right to wait in line.


...most of us learned about love the hard way.  Even warnings are probably
useless, for somehow, despite the severest warnings of parents and friends,
hundreds, thousands of women have forgotten themselves at the last minute
and succumbed to the lies, promises, flatteries, or mere attentions of
lusting, lovely men, landing themselves in complicated predicaments from
which some of them never recovered during their entire lives.  And I am not
speaking only of your teenaged Midwesterners in 1958; I'm speaking of women
of every age in every city in every year.  The notorious sexual revolution
has saved no one from the pain and confusion of love.
		-- Alix Kates Shulman


Don't steal... the IRS hates competition!


Campus crusade for Cthulhu -- it found me.


Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).


Q:	What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
A:	The same middle name.


Grelb's Reminder:
	Eighty percent of all people consider
	themselves to be above average drivers.


If only is was as easy to banish hunger by rubbing the belly as it is to
masturbate.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic


The wife of young Richard of Limerick
Complained to her husband, "My quim, Rick,
	Still grows in diameter
	Each time that you ram at her;
How can your poor tool stay so slim, Rick?"


System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.


An editor is one who separates the wheat from the chaff and prints the chaff.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


skldfjkljklsR%^&(IXDRTYju187pkasdjbasdfbuil
h;asvgy8p	23r1vyui135	2
kmxsij90TYDFS$$b	jkzxdjkl bjnk ;j	nk;<[][;-==-<<<<<';[,
		[hjioasdvbnuio;buip^&(FTSD$%*VYUI:buio;sdf}[asdf']
				sdoihjfh(_YU*G&F^*CTY98y


Now look what you've gone and done!  You've broken it!


Signs of crime: screaming or cries for help.
		-- The Brown University Security Crime Prevention Pamphlet


Q:	What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up?
A:	Age.


I had another dream the other day about government financial management
people.  They were small and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they
had stepped out of a painting by Goya.


If you are smart enough to know that you're not
smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.


Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy.
		-- Han Solo


Whenever someone tells you to take their advice,
you can be pretty sure that they're not using it.


The universe is an island,
surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.


He who hesitates is sometimes saved.


If I don't drive around the park,
I'm pretty sure to make my mark.
If I'm in bed each night by ten,
I may get back my looks again.
If I abstain from fun and such,
I'll probably amount to much;
But I shall stay the way I am,
Because I do not give a damn.
		-- Dorothy Parker


You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.


Hear about...
	the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
	One fortunate cookie...


History is curious stuff
	You'd think by now we had enough
Yet the fact remains I fear
	They make more of it every year.


Lavish spending can be disastrous.
Don't buy any lavishes for a while.


Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.


Do not seek death; death will find you.
But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment.
		-- Dag Hammarskjold


Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.


Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
		-- Napoleon


It looked like something resembling white marble, which was
probably what it was: something resembling white marble.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Systems people do it with a small, but clean, interface.


====================
Inter-Dwarf Memo
To: Dwarf-list
From: Happy
Re: S. White

	Let it be noted that if she whistles that goddamned song one
more time I'm gonna rip her fuckin' lips off.  Have a nice day.


No rock so hard but that a little wave
May beat admission in a thousand years.
		-- Tennyson


It is better never to have been born.  But who among us has such luck?
One in a million, perhaps.


What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


The reason that every major university maintains a department of
mathematics is that it's cheaper than institutionalizing all those
people.


	A horse breeder has his young colts bottle-fed after they're three
days old.  He heard that a foal and his mummy are soon parted.


AQUARIUS (Jan.20 - Feb.18)
	You are the type of person who never has enough money to do what
	you want.  Don't expect things to get any better today, either.
	As a matter of fact they might get worse.  Intensify your
	relationship with your bank and any friends you have who might be
	able to lend you a few bucks.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	When are you going to grow up?
	I'm only doing this for your own good.
	Why are you crying?  Stop crying, or I'll give you something to
		cry about.
	What's wrong with you?
	Someday you'll thank me for this.
	You'd lose your head if it weren't attached.
	Don't you have any sense at all?
	If you keep sucking your thumb, it'll fall off.
	Why?  Because I said so.
	I hope you have a kid just like yourself.


MARTA WAS WATCHING THE FOOTBALL GAME with me when she said, "You know most
of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its
territory from invasion by another group."

"Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh.  Girls are funny.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


People who develop the habit of thinking of themselves as world
citizens are fulfilling the first requirement of sanity in our time.
		-- Norman Cousins


There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result.
		-- Winston Churchill


Beware the new TTY code!


If you don't have the time right now,
will you have redo right time later?


You can observe a lot just by watching.
		-- Yogi Berra


Pee-wee Recommends:

When Pee-wee Herman was arrested that evening in Sarasota, Florida,
the bill at the XXX South Trail Cinema featured:

	+ Nurse Nancy, starring Sandra Scream
	+ Turn Up the Heat, starring Savannah
	+ Tiger Shark, starring Raven


Think lucky. If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
		-- Darrell Royal


In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed


His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.


Watson's Law:
	The reliability of machinery is inversely proportional to the
	number and significance of any persons watching it.


Women are a problem, but if you haven't already guessed,
they're the kind of problem I enjoy wrestling with.
		-- Warren Beatty


He who sneezes without a handkerchief takes matters into his own
hands.


When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.
By the time I was 20, he had made great improvement.


The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're
called.  Cats take a message and get back to you.


The older I grow, the more I distrust the
familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Bilbo's First Law:
	You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.


A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.  He explained
that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three
assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they
each propose to ensure a win.  When they reconvened the gangster started with
the engineer:

Gangster: OK, Mr. engineer, what have you got?
Engineer: Well, I've invented a way to weave metallic threads into the saddle
	  blanket so that they will act as the plates of a battery and provide
	  electrical shock to the horse.
G:	  That's very good!  But let's hear from the chemist.
Chemist:  I've synthesized a powerful stimulant that dissolves
	  into simple blood sugars after ten minutes and therefore
	  cannot be detected in post-race tests.
G:	  Excellent, excellent!  But I want to hear from the physicist before
	  I decide what to do.  Physicist?

Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion...


I tell them to turn to the study of mathematics, for it
is only there that they might escape the lusts of the flesh.
		-- Thomas Mann, "The Magic Mountain"


"Violence accomplishes nothing."  What a contemptible lie!  Raw, naked
violence has settled more issues throughout history than any other method
ever employed.  Perhaps the city fathers of Carthage could debate the
issue, with Hitler and Alexander as judges?


You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.


The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart's.
		-- Polish proverb


Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.


One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing
how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
		-- Professor Charles P. Issawi


Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?


	This guy is taking a leak in a public men's room when a man enters
with his arms held out from his sides, bent at the elbows with his hands
dangling awkwardly, and comes over to him.
	"Would you do me a favor and unzip my fly?" he asks.
	Figuring the man to be a poor cripple, perhaps an accident victim,
the guy obliges, not without a flush of embarrassment when the man next
requests that he take out his prick and hold it in the appropriate position.
	"Shake it off" is the next instruction, then "zip me up," and the
guy follows orders, wincing at his own embarrassment and at the shame of
being so helpless.
	"Say, thanks," says the man, flouncing to the door.  "I can't do a
*thing* 'til my nails dry!"


To err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Endless Loop: n.	see Loop, Endless.
Loop, Endless: n.	see Endless Loop.
		-- Random Shack Data Processing Dictionary


Now is the time for all good men to come to.
		-- Walt Kelly


Look up and not down, look forward and not back, look out and not in,
and lend a hand.
		-- Edward Everett Hale, "Lowell Institute Lectures" (1869)


	The geographical center of Boston is in Roxbury.  Due north of
the center we find the South End.  This is not to be confused with South
Boston which lies directly east from the South End.  North of the South
End is East Boston and southwest of East Boston is the North End.


Please keep your hands off the secretary's reproducing equipment.


The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded
in it here and there. Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but
occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that!
		-- James "Kibo" Parry


Q:	What do you have if you have a moth ball in one hand and a
	moth ball in the other hand?
A:	One hell of a big moth!


A nuclear family is out golfing one day, when it becomes clear that Dad isn't
going to win any trophies, at least on this course.  On the 3rd hole, after
two miserable bogies, he misses a two foot putt and exclaims, "Shit!"
	His wife glances over at their sixteen year old daughter and says
nothing.
	On the fourth hole Dad tees off with an incredible hook, and, after
the inevitable exclamation, his wife reproves him with "Honey!"
	This continues on, with his golfing getting worse and his wife getting
more and more upset about his language.  Finally, on the 17th hole, he again
misses a very easy putt.  Flinging his club down, he curses the hole, the
club, and the sunset, using the word "fuck" for the first time.  His wife
whirls around and cries, "Honey!  Our daughter is standing right next to you!"
	Feeling remorseful, but somewhat defensive, he turns to the
daughter and says, "Well, Cindy, you've heard that word before, haven't
you?"
	"Yes," the daughter replies, "but never in anger."


There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
		-- Darth Vader


SYSTEM-INDEPENDENT:
	Works equally poorly on all systems.


Eat right, stay fit, and die anyway.


Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not
committing them?
		-- Jules Feiffer


If it wasn't for the last minute, nothing would get done.


I am an optimist.  It does not seem too much use being anything else.
		-- Winston Churchill


The nation that controls magnetism controls the universe.
		-- Chester Gould/Dick Tracy


The Killer Ducks are coming!!!


About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt
ax.  It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Brady's First Law of Problem Solving:
	When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more
	easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger
	have handled this?"


The Bird of Time has but a little way to fly ...
and the bird is on the wing.
		-- Omar Khayyam


According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
		-- Vincent "Jimmy Blue Eyes" Alo


In real love you want the other person's good.  In romantic love you
want the other person.
		-- Margaret Anderson


	Everything is farther away than it used to be.  It is even twice as
far to the corner and they have added a hill.  I have given up running for
the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to.
	It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old
days.  And have you noticed the smaller print they use in the newspapers?
	There is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everybody
speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them.
	The material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips
and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces.  And the
sizes don't run the way they used to.  The 12's and 14's are so much smaller.
	Even people are changing.  They are so much younger than they used to
be when I was their age.  On the other hand people my age are so much older
than I am.
	I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much
that she didn't recognize me.
	I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair
this morning and in so doing I glanced at my own reflection.  Really now,
they don't even make good mirrors like they used to.
		Sandy Frazier, "I Have Noticed"


My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right
thing to say.  And then say it with the utmost levity.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The Bible on letters of reference:

	Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials?  Do
we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you?
No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any
man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
		-- 2 Corinthians 3:1-2, New English translation


Excellent day for drinking heavily.
Spike the office water cooler.


It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry
a tune.
		-- Woody Allen


Walk softly and carry a big stick.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


When a lot of remedies are suggested for
a disease, that means it can't be cured.
		-- Chekhov, "The Cherry Orchard"


Begathon, n.:
	A multi-day event on public television, used to raise money so
you won't have to watch commercials.


Parkinson's Fourth Law:
	The number of people in any working group tends to increase
	regardless of the amount of work to be done.


	"Gee, Mudhead, everyone at Morse Science High has an
extracurricular activity except you."
	"Well, gee, doesn't Louise count?"
	"Only to ten, Mudhead."
		-- The Firesign Theatre


I used to have a drinking problem.
Now I love the stuff.


I am a computer.
I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.


National security is in your hands - guard it well.


Fortune favors the lucky.


America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until
people got tired of living in a place called "Vespuccia" and changed its
name to "America".
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


E Pluribus UNIX.


Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"


A Southern boy graduates from high school heads north to college, taking the
family dog, Old Blue with him, for company.  He's only been there a few weeks
when he gets a call from his girlfriend; seems like they've got a problem,
and she needs a thousand dollars to take care of it.  The boy calls his folks:
	"How are you?" they ask.
	"Oh, I'm fine," he says.
	"And how," they ask, "is Old Blue?"
	"Well, he's kind of depressed.  You see, there's this lady up here
that teaches dogs to talk, and Ol' Blue is feelin' kind of left out 'cause
he's the only dog that doesn't know how to talk.  She charges a thousand
dollars."
	The parents send the boy the thousand dollars, he forwards it to Mary
Lou, and everything's fine until Christmas vacation.  The boy leaves Ol' Blue
at his dorm, 'cause he just can't figure out what to tell his parents.  Sure
enough, when he gets home, the first thing his father wants to know is
"Where's Old Blue?"
	"Well, Pa," says the boy.  "I was driving on home and Old Blue was
talking away about this and that when we passed the Buford's farm.  Old Blue,
well, he said, `Say, what do you think your mother would do if I told her
that your father's been comin' over here and seeing Mrs. Buford all these
years?'"
	The father looks at his son -- "You shot that dog, didn't you, boy?"


One has to look out for engineers -- they begin with sewing machines
and end up with the atomic bomb.
		-- Marcel Pagnol


Although the moon is smaller than the earth, it is farther away.


Remember when you were a kid and the boys didn't like the girls?  Only
sissies liked girls?  What I'm trying to tell you is that nothing's
changed.  You think boys grow out of not liking girls, but we don't
grow out of it.  We just grow horny.  That's the problem.  We mix up
liking pussy for liking girls.  Believe me, one couldn't have less to
do with the other.
		-- Jules Feiffer


The carbonyl is polarized,
The delta end is plus.
The nucleophile will thus attack,
The carbon nucleus.
Addition makes an alcohol,
Of types there are but three.
It makes a bond, to correspond,
From C to shining C.
		-- Prof. Frank Westheimer, to "America the Beautiful"


Walk softly and carry a big stick.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt


	The Tao gave birth to machine language.  Machine language gave birth
to the assembler.
	The assembler gave birth to the compiler.  Now there are ten thousand
languages.
	Each language has its purpose, however humble.  Each language
expresses the Yin and Yang of software.  Each language has its place within
the Tao.
	But do not program in COBOL if you can avoid it.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Gibson's Springtime Song (to the tune of "Deck the Halls"):

'Tis the season to chase mousies (Fa la la la la, la la la la)
Snatch them from their little housies (...)
First we chase them 'round the field (...)
Then we have them for a meal (...)

Toss them here and catch them there (...)
See them flying through the air (...)
Watch them fly and hear them squeal (...)
Falling mice have great appeal (...)

See the hunter stretched before us (...)
He's chased the mice in field and forest (...)
Watch him clean his long white whiskers (...)
Of the blood of little critters (...)


He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic


To err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Darth Vader!  Only you would be so bold!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


Enzymes are things invented by biologists
that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
		-- Jerome Lettvin


The eyes of Texas are upon you,
All the livelong day;
The eyes of Texas are upon you,
You cannot get away;
Do not think you can escape them
From night 'til early in the morn;
The eyes of Texas are upon you
'Til Gabriel blows his horn.
		-- University of Texas' school song


ALBRECHT'S LAW:
	Social innovations tend to the level
	of minimum tolerable well-being.


FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed -- it is hardy,
occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.


A couple more shots of whiskey, women 'round here start looking good.

		[something about a 10 being a 4 after a six-pack?  Ed.]


If you want to read about love and marriage you've got to buy two separate
books.
		-- Alan King


Excerpt from a DEC field service document:

....
- none of these should have made it to customers.  BUT you could loosen the
screws and lift system board at fan end while powering on to see if OCP
comes up - this is not recommended unless you have three hands.


It was a female that drove me to drink
and I didn't even have the kindness to thank her.
		-- R.E. Baber


I have a map of the United States.  It's actual size.
I spent last summer folding it.
People ask me where I live, and I say, "E6".
		-- Steven Wright


If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.


Horner's Five Thumb Postulate:
	Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.


