Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.


... But the reward of a successful collaboration is a thing that cannot
be produced by either of the parties working alone.  It is akin to the
benefits of sex with a partner, as opposed to masturbation.  The latter
is fun, but you show me anyone who has gotten a baby from playing with
him or herself, and I'll show you an ugly baby, with just a whole bunch
of knuckles.
		-- Harlan Ellison


There is no better way of exercising the imagination than the study of law.
No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets truth.
		-- Jean Giraudoux, "Tiger at the Gates"


Don't quit now, we might just as well
lock the door and throw away the key.


Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth,
And danced the skies on laughter silvered wings;
Sunward I've climbed and joined the tumbling mirth
Of sun-split clouds and done a hundred things
You have not dreamed of --
Wheeled and soared and swung
High in the sunlit silence.
Hovering there
I've chased the shouting wind along and flung
My eager craft through footless halls of air.
Up, up along delirious, burning blue
I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace,
Where never lark, or even eagle flew;
And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod
The high untrespassed sanctity of space,
Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
		-- John Gillespie Magee, Jr., "High Flight"


A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?


Anyone who describes Islam as a religion as intolerant encourages violence.
		-- Tasnim Aslam, Spokesman for Pakistani Foreign Ministry


One monk said to the other, "The fish has flopped out of the net! How
will it live?"  The other said, "When you have gotten out of the net,
I'll tell you."


Did you hear that two rabbits escaped from the zoo and so far they have
only recaptured 116 of them?


More people died at Chappaquidick than at 3-mile island.


He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for
the human condition is a fool.
		-- Albert Camus


Recession is when your neighbor loses his job.  Depression is when you
lose your job.  These economic downturns are very difficult to predict,
but sophisticated econometric modeling houses like Data Resources and
Chase Econometrics have successfully predicted 14 of the last 3 recessions.


The carbonyl is polarized,
The delta end is plus.
The nucleophile will thus attack,
The carbon nucleus.
Addition makes an alcohol,
Of types there are but three.
It makes a bond, to correspond,
From C to shining C.
		-- Prof. Frank Westheimer, to "America the Beautiful"


You give me space to belong to myself yet without separating me
from your own life.  May it all turn out to your happiness.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends.


Tear leather:
	To become excited, as in the sentence "Robin Hood tore
	his leather jerkin' off."


Feminism, n.:
	A political position which seeks to rebuild society so that
	both men and women are treated as women wish to be treated.


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


I went to the hardware store and bought some used paint.  It was in
the shape of a house.  I also bought some batteries, but they weren't
included.
		-- Steven Wright


SOMETIMES THE BEAUTY OF THE WORLD is so overwhelming, I just want to throw
back my head and gargle. Just gargle and gargle and I don't care who hears
me because I am beautiful.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Cerebral atrophy, n.:
	The phenomena which occurs as brain cells become weak and sick, and
impair the brain's performance.  An abundance of these "bad" cells can cause
symptoms related to senility, apathy, depression, and overall poor academic
performance.  A certain small number of brain cells will deteriorate due to
everyday activity, but large amounts are weakened by intense mental effort
and the assimilation of difficult concepts.  Many college students become
victims of this dread disorder due to poor habits such as overstudying.

Cerebral darwinism, n.:
	The theory that the effects of cerebral atrophy can be reversed
through the purging action of heavy alcohol consumption.  Large amounts of
alcohol cause many brain cells to perish due to oxygen deprivation.  Through
the process of natural selection, the weak and sick brain cells will die
first, leaving only the healthy cells.  This wonderful process leaves the
imbiber with a healthier, more vibrant brain, and increases mental capacity.
Thus, the devastating effects of cerebral atrophy are reversed, and academic
performance actually increases beyond previous levels.


One difference between a man and a machine
is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.


There are two times when a man doesn't understand a woman -- before
marriage and after marriage.


All his life he has looked away... to the horizon, to the sky,
to the future.  Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.
		-- Yoda


The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed
ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald


Q:	What's a light-year?
A:	One-third less calories than a regular year.


It is an important and popular fact that things are not always what
they seem.  For instance, on the planet Earth, man had always assumed
that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so
much -- the wheel, New York wars and so on -- whilst all the dolphins
had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time.  But
conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more
intelligent than man -- for precisely the same reasons.

Curiously enough, the dolphins had long known of the impending
destruction of the of the planet Earth and had made many attempts to
alert mankind to the danger; but most of their communications were
misinterpreted ...
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?
In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Excerpt from a DEC field service document:

....
- none of these should have made it to customers.  BUT you could loosen the
screws and lift system board at fan end while powering on to see if OCP
comes up - this is not recommended unless you have three hands.


Toilet Toupee, n.:
	Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus
	creating endless annoyance to male users.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.


One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
		-- George Herbert


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#27 -- Use an electric sander.


Please stand for the National Anthem:

	Oh, say can you see by dawn's early light
	What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming?
	Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight
	O'er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming?
	And the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air,
	Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there.
	Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
	O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.


Her daughter, thought worried Ms. Coffin,
Had morals the city might soften.
	So she phoned and asked, "Lynn,
	Are you living in sin?"
Lynn said, "No -- but I visit there often."


... Our second completely true news item was sent to me by Mr. H. Boyce
Connell, Jr. of Atlanta, Ga., where he is involved in a law firm.  One
thing I like about the South is, folks there care about tradition.  If
somebody gets handed a name like "H. Boyce," he hangs on to it, puts it
on his legal stationery, even passes it to his son, rather than do what
a lesser person would do, such as get it changed or kill himself.
		-- Dave Barry, "This Column is Nothing but the Truth!"


An American couple is in Paris, a much awaited trip, when suddenly the wife
dies of a heart attack.  The husband decides to have her buried there as the
visit to France was something they had longed for for many years.  All
arrangements are made when he suddenly realizes that he doesn't have a black
hat for the funeral.  The hotel concierge tells him that what he wants is a
"chapeau noir."  So off he goes to find a store open late.
	First he meets a gendarme and in his fractured French asks, "M'sieur,
ou pouvais-je acheter un capeau noir?"
	The policeman is a bit surprised but, after thinking a bit, gives our
friend directions.  The store -- if that is what it is -- looks a little seedy
and run down, but the man behind the counter looks friendly so in goes our
hero.  He speaks first:
	"M'sieur, je veux acheter un capeau noir."
	"Mais, monsieur, j'ai des capeaux rouges, des capeaux blancs, et des
capeaux marrons, mais pas des capeaux noires.  Pourquoi avez vous besoin d'un
capeau noir?"
	"Ma femme est morte."
	"O Monsieur!  Quelle beau sentiment!"


	The problem with engineers is that they tend to cheat in order to
get results.
	The problem with mathematicians is that they tend to work on toy
problems in order to get results
	The problem with program verifiers is that they tend to cheat at
toy problems in order to get results.


The other line moves faster.


The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization.
		-- Alan Coult


Many a family tree needs trimming.


Boy, I sure wish that I could be in the
'Advanced Systems Development' group!


Cocaine's a joke!
	(Who's got the next line?)


The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
		-- Alexandre Arnoux, "Etudes et caprices"


Torque is cheap.


Non-Determinism is not meant to be reasonable.
		-- M. J. 0'Donnell


Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start
coming in late and lying about it.


The streets are safe in Philadelphia, it's only the people who make
them unsafe.
		-- Mayor Frank Rizzo


You are a taxi driver.  Your cab is yellow and black, and has been in
use for only seven years.  One of its windshield wipers is broken, and
the carburetor needs adjusting.  The tank holds 20 gallons, but at the
moment is only three-quarters full.  How old is the taxi driver?"


Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
		-- G. J. Danton


A genius is a queer who can whistle while he works.
		-- Bobby Knight


My mothers are wholly ignorant of the almost universal prevalence of secret
vice, or self-abuse, among the young.  Why hesitate to say firmly and without
quibble that personal abuse lies at the root of much of the feebleness,
paleness, nervousness, and good-for-nothingness of the entire community?
		-- Dr. J.H. Kellogg, "The Ladies Guide", Modern Medicine
		   Publishing Company, 1895.  Dr. Kellogg helped invent
		   corn flakes and peanut butter.  In addition to denouncing
		   masturbation, he believed that smoking caused cancer and
		   that certain ailments could be cured by rolling a
		   cannonball on the stomach.


Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
		-- Sam Brown, "The Washington Post", January 26, 1977


If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it
off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


But we've only fondled the surface of that subject.
		-- Virginia Masters, of Master & Johnson


Roses are red;
	Violets are blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	And so am I.


No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.


The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.


The default Magic Word, "Abracadabra", actually is a corruption of the
Hebrew phrase "ha-Bracha dab'ra" which means "pronounce the blessing".


If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far.
		-- Paul White


His super power is to turn into a scotch terrier.


Sam Lefkovitz is having an intimate party to celebrate his thirty
immensely profitable years in the construction business.
	"You know," he laments to his friends, "over the years I have
constructed dozens of enormous projects in and around this city, but
am I known as Sam the Builder?  No.
	And over the years I have contributed literally millions of
dollars to charitable causes of one sort or another, but am I called
Sam the Philanthropist?  No sir!
	But suck one little cock..."


Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when
you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even
worse.
		-- Avery


Ever wondered about the origins of the term "bugs" as applied to computer
technology?  U.S. Navy Capt. Grace Murray Hopper has firsthand explanation.
The 74-year-old captain, who is still on active duty, was a pioneer in
computer technology during World War II.  At the C. W. Post Center of Long
Island University, Hopper told a group of Long Island public school adminis-
trators that the first computer "bug" was a real bug--a moth.  At Harvard
one August night in 1945, Hopper and her associates were working on the
"granddaddy" of modern computers, the Mark I.  "Things were going badly;
there was something wrong in one of the circuits of the long glass-enclosed
computer," she said.  "Finally, someone located the trouble spot and, using
ordinary tweezers, removed the problem, a two-inch moth.  From then on, when
anything went wrong with a computer, we said it had bugs in it."  Hopper
said that when the veracity of her story was questioned recently, "I referred
them to my 1945 log book, now in the collection of the Naval Surface Weapons
Center, and they found the remains of that moth taped to the page in
question."
		[actually, the term "bug" had even earlier usage in
		regard to problems with radio hardware.  Ed.]


Q:	What is green and comes in Brownies?
A:	Boy Scouts.


Sex without love is an empty experience, but,
as empty experiences go, it's one of the best.
		-- Woody Allen


Telephone, n.:
	An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of
	making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Eggheads unite!  You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton


Would you please have another look at my nose and put in that cocaine
stuff ...
		-- Adolf Hitler, quoted by Dr. Giesing in Nuremberg
		   trial testimony, 1947


Konrad Lorenz, the great animal behaviorist, was scrupulous about cultivating
fruitful confusion.  Lorenz lived among his research subjects:  dozens of
species of mammals, birds, reptiles, and fishes.  He did not quantify, control,
or consciously experiment.  He got to know each creature individually, then
threw them together, watching for the unexpected, the unusual, or the bizarre
in the chaos that followed.  For example, his interest in one of ethology's
most important concepts, that of intention movements (motions with meaning,
such as the head bobbing in birds that serves as an alarm signal before
flight), derived from an inadvertent experiment.  He had trained a free-flying
raven to eat raw meat from his hand and had been feeding the bird for several
hours one day.  He would reach into his pants pocket and take out a piece of
meat, and the raven would swoop down to grab it in its bill.  By and by, Lorenz
went to relieve himself near a hedge.  When the raven saw him put his hand
into his pants and pull out another morsel of meat, it swooped down, hungrily
grasping the new mouthful in its bill.  Lorenz howled in pain.  But the event
left a deep impression on him -- about how faithfully animals respond to
intention movements, that is.
		-- The Sciences, May/June, 1988, N.Y. Academy of Science


"Well, madam," the bishop declared,
While the vicar just mumbled and stared,
	"'Twere better, perhaps,
	In the crypt or the apse,
Because sex in the nave must be shared."


The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


The plural of spouse is spice.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Now the Lord God planted a garden East of Whittier in a place called
Yorba Linda, and out of the ground he made to grow orange trees that
were good for food and the fruits thereof he labeled SUNKIST ...
		-- "The Begatting of a President"


A man arrived home early to find his wife in the arms of his best friend,
who swore how much they were in love.  To quiet the enraged husband, the
lover suggested, "Friends shouldn't fight, let's play gin rummy.  If I win,
you get a divorce so I can marry her.  If you win, I promise never to see
her again.  Okay?"
	"Alright," agreed the husband.  "But how about a quarter a point
on the side to make it interesting?"


When you're down and out, lift up your
voice and shout, "I'M DOWN AND OUT"!


After all my erstwhile dear,
My no longer cherished,
Need we say it was not love,
Just because it perished?
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay


Once Again From the Top

Correction notice in the Miami Herald: "Last Sunday, The Herald erroneously
reported that original Dolphin Johnny Holmes had been an insurance salesman
in Raleigh, North Carolina, that he had won the New York lottery in 1982 and
lost the money in a land swindle, that he had been charged with vehicular
homicide, but acquitted because his mother said she drove the car, and that
he stated that the funniest thing he ever saw was Flipper spouting water on
George Wilson.  Each of these items was erroneous material published
inadvertently.  He was not an insurance salesman in Raleigh, did not win the
lottery, neither he nor his mother was charged or involved in any way with
vehicular homicide, and he made no comment about Flipper or George Wilson.
The Herald regrets the errors."
		-- "The Progressive", March, 1987


The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"


The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the not very bright.


	There are wavelengths that people cannot see, there are
sounds that people cannot hear, and maybe computers have thoughts
that people cannot think.
		-- Richard W. Hamming


Women are not much, but they are the best other sex we have.
		-- Herold


Kill your parents.
		-- Jerry Rubin


The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
		-- Wavy Gravy


It's lucky you're going so slowly, because
you're going in the wrong direction.


They told me you had proven it		When they discovered our results
About a month before.			Their hair began to curl
The proof was valid, more or less	Instead of understanding it
But rather less than more.		We'd run the thing through PRL.

He sent them word that we would try	Don't tell a soul about all this
To pass where they had failed		For it must ever be
And after we were done, to them		A secret, kept from all the rest
The new proof would be mailed.		Between yourself and me.

My notion was to start again
Ignoring all they'd done
We quickly turned it into code
To see if it would run.


On Brassieres:
	Russian:	Uplifts the masses.
	Salvation Army:	Raises the fallen.
	American:	Makes mountains out of molehills.


Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?

Because his wife left him.  But things are looking up for their reconciliation.
Seems that when she left, she took his word processor, and she's been renting
it out occasionally in Japan.  That is, every now and then she gets a yen for
his Wang.


The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.  The perfect martini is
a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings
of civilization.
		-- T. K.


Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth but supreme beauty --
a beauty cold and austere, like that of a sculpture, without appeal to any
part of our weaker nature, without the gorgeous trapping of painting or music,
yet sublimely pure, and capable of a stern perfection such as only the
greatest art can show.  The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense
of being more than man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is
to be found in mathematics as surely as in poetry.
		-- Bertrand Russell


To a New Yorker, the only California houses on the market for less than
a million dollars are those on fire.  These generally go for six hundred
thousand.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Have you ever met a man of good character where women are concerned?

Well, I haven't.  I find that whenever a woman becomes friends with me,
she becomes jealous, exacting, suspicious, and a damn nuisance; and
whenever I become friends with a woman, I become selfish and tyrannical.
So here I am, Pickering, a confirmed old bachelor and very likely to
remain so.
		-- Henry Higgins, "My Fair Lady"


The more I know men the more I like my horse.


Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.


Support your right to bare arms!
		-- A message from the National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association


Each of these cults correspond to one of the two antagonists in the age of
Reformation.  In the realm of the Apple Macintosh, as in Catholic Europe,
worshipers peer devoutly into screens filled with "icons."  All is sound and
imagery and Appledom.  Even words look like decorative filigrees in exotic
typefaces.  The greatest icon of all, the inviolable Apple itself, stands in
the dominate position at the upper-left corner of the screen.  A central
corporate headquarters decrees the form of all rites and practices.
Infallible doctrine issues from one executive officer whose selection occurs
in a sealed board room.  Should anyone in his curia question his powers, the
offender is excommunicated into outer darkness.  The expelled heretic founds
a new company, mutters obscurely of the coming age and the next computer,
then disappears into silence, taking his stockholders with him.  The mother
company forbids financial competition as sternly as it stifles ideological
competition; if you want to use computer programs that conform to Apple's
orthodoxy, you must buy a computer made and sold by Apple itself.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988


Yacc owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have
goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in
their endless search for "one more feature".  Their irritating
unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my
doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
		-- Stephen C. Johnson, "Yacc guide acknowledgments"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(1) The greatest threat to the human spirit is liberalism.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't
keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
		-- Edward Stevenson


Fresco's Discovery:
	If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.


The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled
culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.


Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T. K.


	A sociologist, a psychologist, and an engineer were discussing the
consequences and implications of a married man's having a mistress.  The
sociologist's opinion was that it is absolutely and categorically unforgivable
for a married man to forfeit the bond of matrimony, and engage in such lowly
and lustful pursuits.
	The psychologist's opinion was that although morally reprehensible,
if a man MUST have a mistress to achieve his full potential as a human being,
then -- well -- he may go ahead and choose to have a mistress, as long as he
is considerate enough to keep this secret from his wife.
	The engineer then interjected: "I also believe that, if necessary,
a married man is entitled to a mistress.  However, I do not see why the
affair should be concealed from the wife.  On the contrary, if the affair
is out in the open, then on Friday evenings he may tell his wife that he
is going to see his mistress, tell his mistress that he is going to be with
his wife, then go to his office and get some work done!"


If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
		-- Art Hoppe


It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.


They say it's the responsibility of the media to look at government --
especially the president -- with a microscope.  I don't argue with that,
but when they use a proctoscope, it's going too far.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


I came; I saw; I fucked up.


If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.


Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
		-- Thomas Szasz


The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend
of both parties tactfully interferes.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Truth is free, but information costs.


Give thought to your reputation.
Consider changing your name and moving to a new town.


Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet,
Eating her curds and whey.
Along came a spider,
And bit her right in the snatch.


THE WORST HOMING PIGEON

This historic bird was released in Pembrokeshire in June 1953 and was
expected to reach its base that evening.  It was returned by post, dead,
in a cardboard box eleven years later from Brazil.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the
production of great leaders has been discontinued.


The outraged husband discovered his wife in bed with another man.
	"What is the meaning of this?" he demanded.  "Who is this fellow?"
	"That seems like a fair question," said the wife, rolling over.
"What IS your name?"


If you don't ride a camel to work, you ain't Sheeite.


A man was talking to his best friend about his married life.  "You know," he
says, "I really trust my wife, and I think she has always been faithful to
me, but there's *always* that doubt.  There's *always* that little doubt."
	"Yeah, I know what you mean," his friend replies.
	"Well, buddy, I've got to leave on a business trip this weekend,
and I wonder... well... would you watch my house while I'm gone?  I trust
her, it's just that there's *always* that doubt."
	The friend agreed to help out and two weeks later gave his report.
	"I've got some bad news for you," says the friend.  "The evening
after you left I saw a strange car pull up in front of your house.  A man
got out of the car and went in the house and had dinner with your wife.
After dinner they went upstairs and I saw your wife kissing him.  Then, he
took off his shirt and she took off her blouse.  And then the light went
out."
	"*Then* what happened?" said the husband, his eyes opening wide.
	"Well, I don't know," replied the friend, "it was too dark to see."
	"Damn!" roared the husband.  "You see what I mean?  There's *always*
that doubt!"


Marriage is based on the theory that when a man discovers a brand of beer
exactly to his taste he should at once throw up his job and go to work
in the brewery.
		-- George Jean Nathan


All syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism.


This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobazz Magic Co., Ltd.


The bomb will never go off.  I speak as an expert in explosives.
		-- Admiral William Leahy, U.S. Atomic Bomb Project


It's Like This

Even the samurai
have teddy bears,
and even the teddy bears
get drunk.


Biology is the only science in which
multiplication means the same thing as division.


A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for
the first time.
		-- Alfred E. Wiggam


	Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void.  Waiting
alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion.  It is
the source of all programs.  I do not know its name, so I will call it the
Tao of Programming.
	If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler is
greater, then the applications is great.  The user is pleased and there is
harmony in the world.
	The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of
morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Q:	What do you say to a Puerto Rican in a three-piece suit?
A:	Will the defendant please rise?


Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be
liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person shall
be deemed to be a cat.
		-- Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London


CHRIST:
	A man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time.


Love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.


Blame Saint Andreas -- it's all his fault.


Be security conscious -- National Defense is at stake.


Brain fried -- core dumped


May all the girls you fall in love with fall in love with girls themselves.


Now there's three things you can do in a baseball game:
you can win or you can lose or it can rain.
		-- Casey Stengel


New York is real.  The rest is done with mirrors.


The Great Movie Posters:

SEE rebel guerrillas torn apart by trucks!
SEE corpses cut to pieces and fed to dogs and vultures!
SEE the monkey trained to perform nursing duties for her paralyzed owner!
		-- Sweet and Savage (1983)

What a Guy!  What a Gal!  What a Pair!
		-- Stroker Ace (1983)

It's always better when you come again!
		-- Porky's II: The Next Day (1983)

You Don't Have to Go to Texas for a Chainsaw Massacre!
		-- Pieces (1983)


My godda bless, never I see sucha people.
		-- Signor Piozzi, quoted by Cecilia Thrale


Hello.  Jim Rockford's machine, this is Larry Doheny's machine.  Will you
please have your master call my master at his convenience?  Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.


There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal
friend.  They may know something that we don't.  They are probably
avoiding a great deal of pain.


The Israelites were all waiting anxiously at the foot of the mountain,
knowing that Moses had had a tough day negotiating with God over the
Commandments.  Finally a tired Moses came into sight.
	"I've got some good news and some bad news, folks," he said.  "The
good news is that I got Him down to ten.  The bad news is that adultery's
still in."


I wish a robot would get elected president.  That way, when he came to town,
we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad.
		-- Jack Handey


You had mail.
Paul read it, so ask him what it said.


Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and
stupid to do your job properly, you have to go, where the very
opposite applies with the judges.
		-- Beyond the Fringe


Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full
value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
		-- Mark Twain


