	The devout Jew was beside himself because his son had been dating
a shiksa, so he went to visit his rabbi.  The rabbi listened solemnly to
his problem, took his hand, and said, "Pray to God."
	So the Jew went to the synagogue, bowed his head, and prayed, "God,
please help me.  My son, my favorite son, he's going to marry a shiksa, he
sees nothing but goyim..."
	"Your son," boomed down this voice from the heavens, "you think
you got problems.  What about my son?"


Sex without love is an empty experience, but,
as empty experiences go, it's one of the best.
		-- Woody Allen


The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately
in the palpably not true.  It is the chief occupation of mankind.
		-- H. L. Mencken


One man's Mede is another man's Persian.
		-- George M. Cohan


Jesus was killed by a Moral Majority.


Call things by their right names...  Glass of brandy and water!  That is the
current but not the appropriate name: ask for a glass of fire and distilled
damnation.
		-- Robert Hall, in Olinthus Gregory's, "Brief Memoir of the
		   Life of Hall"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to logical names.]


Furthermore, if we send something by car, it's a shipment...
but if we send it by ship, it's cargo.


Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill


I never killed a man that didn't deserve it.
		-- Mickey Cohen


Courage is your greatest present need.


You come out of a woman and you spend the rest of your life trying to
get back inside.
		-- Heathcote Williams


Sweater, n.:
	A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.


A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952


Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.


I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"


Go directly to jail.  Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.


Never look up when dragons fly overhead.


"You can't expect a mother to be with a small child all the time",
Margaret Mead once remarked, with her usual good sense, but in 1978
she shocked feminists by snapping that women don't really have
children to put them in day care twelve hours a day, either.
		-- Caroline Bird, "The Two Paycheck Marriage"


One of the large consolations for experiencing anything
unpleasant is the knowledge that one can communicate it.
		-- Joyce Carol Oates


May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.


He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for
the human condition is a fool.
		-- Albert Camus


The mind is its own place, and in itself
Can make a Heaven of Hell, a Hell of Heaven.
What matter where, if I be still the same,
And what I should be, all but less than he
Whom thunder hath made greater? here at least
We shall be free; the almighty hath not built
Here for his envy, will not drive us hence;
Here we may reign secure, and, in my choice,
To reign is worth ambition, though in Hell:
Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven.
		-- Satan, Milton's "Paradise Lost", I, 254-263


Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.


Q:	What's buried in Grant's tomb?
A:	A corpse.


A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into
superstition, and art into pedantry.  Hence University education.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


The notion that the church, the press, and the universities should
serve the state is essentially a Communist notion ... In a free society
these institutions must be wholly free -- which is to say that their
function is to serve as checks upon the state.
		-- Alan Barth


The husband wired home that he had been able to wind up his business trip a
day early and would be home on Thursday.  When he walked into his apartment,
however, he found his wife in bed with another man.  Furious, he picked up his
bag and stormed out.  He met his mother-in-law on the street, told her what
had happened and announced that he was filing for divorce in the morning.
	"Give my daughter a chance to explain before you take any action,"
the older woman pleaded.  Reluctantly, he agreed.
	An hour later his mother-in-law phoned the husband at his club.
"I knew my daughter would have an explanation," she said, a note of triumph
in her voice.  "She didn't receive your telegram!"


Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Laurie Anderson


The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.


Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.


Fuch's Warning:
	If you actually look like your passport photo, you aren't well
	enough to travel.


"I don't think so," said Ren'e Descartes.  Just then, he vanished.


Systems people do it with a small, but clean, interface.


It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people.  The good ones
slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much
more.
		-- Woody Allen, "Side Effects"


Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.


Do you have lysdexia?


Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.


What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!
A man can be happy with any woman so long as he doesn't love her.
		-- Wilde


Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to
point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very
fast.  People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are
often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people
from point B are so keen to get there and what's so great about point B
that so many people from point A are so keen to get _t_h_e_r_e.  They often
wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell
they wanted to be.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab:
	Experience is directly proportional to the amount of
	equipment ruined.


There are no data that cannot be plotted on a straight line if the axes
are chosen correctly.


Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate
the difference between one young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"


Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
		-- W. C. Bennett


Did you ever notice that everyone in favour of birth control
has already been born?
		-- Benny Hill


It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression
when you lose yours.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Tonight's the night:  Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.


Bilbo's First Law:
	You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.


To err is human, to forgive, infrequent.


Absurdity, n.:
	A statement or belief manifestly
	inconsistent with one's own opinion.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Trying to get an education here is like
trying to take a drink from a fire hose.


Lansdale seized on the idea of using Nixon to build support for the
[Vietnamese] elections ... really honest elections, this time.  "Oh, sure,
honest, yes, that's right," Nixon said, "so long as you win!"  With that
he winked, drove his elbow into Lansdale's arm and slapped his own knee.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, quoted in "Sideshow" by W. Shawcross


If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.


If it heals good, say it.


I do not care if half the league strikes.  Those who do will encounter
quick retribution.  All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks
the National League for five years.  This is the United States of America
and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
		-- Ford Frick, National League President, reacting to a
		   threatened strike by some Cardinal players in 1947 if
		   Jackie Robinson took the field against St. Louis.  The
		   Cardinals backed down and played.


	A man sank into the psychiatrist's couch and said, "I have a
terrible problem, Doctor.  I have a son at Harvard and another son at
Princeton; I've just gifted each of them with a new Ferrari; I've got
homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Beach, and a co-op in New York; and I've
got a thriving ranch in Venezuela.  My wife is a gorgeous young actress
who considers my two mistresses to be her best friends."
	The psychiatrist looked at the patient, confused.  "Did I miss
something?  It sounds to me like you have no problems at all."
	"But, Doctor, I only make $175 a week."


The difference between a lawyer and a rooster is that
the rooster gets up in the morning and clucks defiance.


People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they
did yesterday.


You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are.
If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


While farmers generally allow one rooster for ten hens, ten men are
scarcely sufficient to service one woman.
		-- Boccaccio


A lisping fag fell off a pleasure yacht and began to scream.  "Help! Help, I
can't thwim!"  One of the other passengers heard the caterwauling and leaned
over the rail, remarking, "Really, there's no need to scream.  Just reach out
and grab that buoy near you."  To which the floundering sodomite answered,
"Buoy!  Oh, thith ith no time for thekth, you degenerate... I'm dwowning!"


Q:	Know what the difference between your latest project
	and putting wings on an elephant is?
A:	Who knows?  The elephant *might* fly, heh, heh...


A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
		-- George Eliot


First Corollary of Taber's Second Law:
	Machines that piss people off get murdered.
		-- Pat Taber


War is much too serious a matter to be entrusted to the military.
		-- Clemenceau


Damn, I need a Coke!
		-- Dr. William DeVries
		   [after implanting the first artificial human heart]


Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Frank Zappa


sillema sillema nika su
[translation: look it up...hint-fin]


Confucius say:
	man who lay girl on hill, not on level.
	man who pull out too fast leave rubber.
	man who go to bed with sex problem wake up with solution in hand.
	modern house without toilet uncanny.
	man with athletic finger make broad jump
	woman should not marry basketball players -- they dribble before
		they shoot.
	man who sleep in road wake up with run-down feeling.
	woman who goes to man's apartment for snack, may get tit bit.
	child conceived in back seat of car with automatic transmission
		turn out to be shiftless bastard.
	a smart man knows on which side his broad is better.
	man who arrives late to party will find himself beaten to the punch!


Women can keep a secret just as well as men,
but it takes more of them to do it.


You're using a keyboard!  How quaint!


If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him.
They would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make
fun of it.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


One day, in a bar, a young man walks in with a little dwarf about one foot
tall on his shoulder and orders a beer.  The bartender serves the man a beer;
to his astonishment, the little guy walks down the man's arm, takes a swallow
of the brew and spits it in his face.  After a few minutes the customer
orders another beer and the exact same thing happens.  Well, by this time,
the bartender is getting pretty upset; he figures that the man should take
care of the dwarf.  So he asks the guy, "Why are you letting that guy drink
all your beer and spit it in my face?"
	"Well, sir, when I was on a contract in Saudi Arabia I met this genie
and he granted me three wishes.  I asked for a million dollars, the most
beautiful woman in the world, and a twelve-inch prick.


	People of all sorts of genders are reporting great difficulty,
these days, in selecting the proper words to refer to those of the female
persuasion.
	"Lady," "woman," and "girl" are all perfectly good words, but
misapplying them can earn one anything from the charge of vulgarity to a good
swift smack.  We are messing here with matters of deference, condescension,
respect, bigotry, and two vague concepts, age and rank.  It is troubling
enough to get straight who is really what.  Those who deliberately misuse
the terms in a misbegotten attempt at flattery are asking for it.
	A woman is any grown-up female person.  A girl is the un-grown-up
version.  If you call a wee thing with chubby cheeks and pink hair ribbons a
"woman," you will probably not get into trouble, and if you do, you will be
able to handle it because she will be under three feet tall.  However, if you
call a grown-up by a child's name for the sake of implying that she has a
youthful body, you are also implying that she has a brain to match.


Reality must take precedence over public relations, for Mother Nature
cannot be fooled.
		-- R. P. Feynman


I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.


Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political,
petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
		-- Leonard Kleinrock, on standards efforts


Maj. Bloodnok:	Seagoon, you're a coward!
Seagoon:	Only in the holiday season.
Maj. Bloodnok:	Ah, another Noel Coward!


Anything more than three shakes is for fun.


		NEW ADDITION TO THE LIBRARY:
"Sally", the department's new inflatable doll, is available on a
short-term removal basis only -- please sign her out and return her
promptly to avoid extended waits.  (We are still awaiting shipment of
our "Big John" doll.)


For a young man, not yet: for an old man, never at all.
		-- Diogenes, asked when a man should marry

When should a man marry?  A young man, not yet; an elder man, not at all.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon, "Of Marriage and Single Life"


There is no such thing as pure pleasure;
some anxiety always goes with it.


It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness;
poverty and wealth have both failed.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Hollerith, v.:
	What thou doest when thy phone is on the fritzeth.


If you're gonna sleep with someone whose moral code may be written
in Fortran for all you know, at least make sure there's an existing
friendship of some sort to fall back on if things don't work out
like one or the other of you planned.


Wouldn't this be a great world if being insecure and desperate were
a turn-on?
		-- "Broadcast News"


"You are old," said the youth, "one would hardly suppose
	That your eye was as steady as ever;
Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose --
	What made you so awfully clever?"

"I have answered three questions, and that is enough,"
	Said his father.  "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.


I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.
		-- Augustus Caesar


For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!


QOTD:
	"No, honey, I've never been circumsized;
		it's simply wear and tear."


That must be wonderful: I don't understand it at all.
		-- Moliere


Vandalism On The Upswing!
	Last night, windows were broken and graffiti was sprayed over the
	front of the local sex shop, Le Sex Boutique, causing several hundred
	dollars in damage.  In a later anonymous phone call, the provisional
	wing of the Salvation Army claimed responsibility.


Back in '80 or '81 the workers were rioting in Gdansk and there were fears
that the Soviets would invade Poland to put down the demonstrations.  Foreign
correspondents were curious as to just what the Poles would do if they were
invaded.  They asked, "What will you do if the East Germans invade from the
West and the Soviets invade from the East?  Who will you fight first?"
	To which the Poles replied, "Why, we will fight the Germans first.
Business before pleasure."


I have a little shadow that goes in and out with me,
And what can be the use of him is more than I can see.
He is very, very like me from the heels up to the head;
And I see him jump before me, when I jump into my bed.

The funniest thing about him is the way he likes to grow--
Not at all like proper children, which is always very slow;
For he sometimes shoots up taller, like an india-rubber ball,
And he sometimes gets so little that there's none of him at all.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.


Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.


Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four
essential food groups -- alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.
		-- Alex Levine

[Oh come on, everybody knows that the four basic food groups are
hot sugar, cold sugar, carbohydrates and grease.  Ed.]


Politics -- the gentle art of getting votes from the poor and campaign
funds from the rich by promising to protect each from the other.
		-- Oscar Ameringer


So... if you could choose any nose in the whole wide world,
which one would you pick?


He laughs at every joke three times... once when it's told,
once when it's explained, and once when he understands it.


Armadillo, v.:
	To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle.


	Every morning, the crowd on Coney Island beach was startled to see
a jogger with the build of a pro football player but a head the size of a
baseball.  Finally, some brave young man got up the nerve to stop him and
ask, "What happened to give you such a small head?"
	The jogger sadly told the story of finding a magic lamp on the beach,
which produced a beautiful genie when rubbed.  The genie said, "I now give
you one wish.  Do you want a quick fuck or a little head?"


Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of
us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the
smaller prime numbers.

2:  The Odd Prime --
	It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.  QED.
3:  The True Prime --
	Lewis Carroll: "If I tell you 3 times, it's true."
31: The Arbitrary Prime --
	Determined by unanimous unvote.  We needed an arbitrary prime in
	case the prof asked for one, and so had an election.  91 received
	the most votes (well, it *looks* prime) and 3+4i the next most.
	However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
41: The Female Prime --
	The polynomial X**2 - X + 41 is
	prime for integer values from 1 to 40.
43: The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.

Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities
are derived from those primes.  So, for instance, the number 6 is "odd
but true", while the powers of 2 are all extremely odd numbers.


I CAN'T come back, I don't know how it works.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


The onset and the waning of love make themselves felt
in the uneasiness experienced at being alone together.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere


Committee, n.:
	A group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group
	decide that nothing can be done.
		-- Fred Allen


Moore's Constant:
	Everybody sets out to do something, and everybody
	does something, but no one does what he sets out to do.


The only really good place to buy lumber is at a store where the lumber
has already been cut and attached together in the form of furniture,
finished, and put inside boxes.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


It's Like This

Even the samurai
have teddy bears,
and even the teddy bears
get drunk.


Robot, n.:
	Someone who's been made by a scientist.


Distance doesn't make you any smaller,
but it does make you part of a larger picture.


Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.


A traveling salesman was driving past a farm when he saw a pig with three
wooden legs executing a magnificent series of backflips and cartwheels.
Intrigued, he drove up to the farmhouse, where he found an old farmer
sitting in the yard watching the pig.
	"That's quite a pig you have there, sir" said the salesman.
	"Sure is, son," the farmer replied.  "Why, two years ago, my daughter
was swimming in the lake and bumped her head and damned near drowned, but that
pig swam out and dragged her back to shore."
	"Amazing!"  the salesman exclaimed.
	"And that's not the only thing.  Last fall I was cuttin' wood up on
the north forty when a tree fell on me.  Pinned me to the ground, it did.
That pig run up and wiggled underneath that tree and lifted it off of me.
Saved my life."
	"Fantastic!  the salesman said.  But tell me, how come the pig has
three wooden legs?"
	The farmer stared at the newcomer in amazement.  "Mister, when you
got an amazin' pig like that, you don't eat him all at once."


The King and his advisor are overlooking the battle field:

King:		"How goes the battle plan?"
Advisor:	"See those little black specks running to the right?"
K:	"Yes."
A:	"Those are their guys. And all those little red specks running
	to the left are our guys. Then when they collide we wait till
	the dust clears."
K:	"And?"
A:	"If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win."
K:	"But what about the ^#!!$% battle plan?"
A:	"So far, it seems to be going according to specks."


NEVER swerve to hit a lawyer riding a bicycle -- it might be your bicycle.


Opportunities are usually disguised as hard
work, so most people don't recognize them.


Justice, n.:
	A decision in your favor.


Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.


Musing on her present and past professions as "dominant/sadomasochism
fantasy fulfiller" and dental hygienist, Sybil said, "I couldn't really
understand why I wanted to be a dental hygienist, but years later, after
being in the SM world a long time, I figured it out:  I'm in uniform,
they're not.  I'm standing up, they're lying down.  I'm doing painful
things to them for their own good.  This is so ME."
		-- The Daily Cal, September 29, 1992 In an article titled:
		   "Kinky sex remains alive and whipping despite threat
		    of AIDS, book reveals"


I know the disposition of women: when you will, they won't; when
you won't, they set their hearts upon you of their own inclination.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective
employees be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for
employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference
between the men's room and the women's room without having little
pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"


Well, we'll really have a party,
but we've gotta post a guard outside.
		-- Eddie Cochran, "Come On Everybody"


PRAIRIES:
	Vast plains covered by treeless forests.


Women's Libbers are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


	"I'm terribly sorry, sir," the novice barber apologized, after
badly nicking a customer.  "Let me wrap your head in a towel."
	"That's all right," said the customer.  "I'll just take it home
under my arm."


If sex is such a natural phenomenon, how come there are so many
books on how to?
		-- Bette Midler


I sat down beside her, said hello, offered to buy her a drink...
and then natural selection reared its ugly head.


Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
		-- Marvin, from
		   Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take
my advice.
		-- Winston Churchill


ARIES (Mar.21 - Apr.19)
	You are a wonderfully interesting, honest, hard-working person
	and you should make many new friends, but you won't because you've
	got a mean streak in you a mile wide.


Reporter:   "How did you like school when you were growing up, Yogi?"
Yogi Berra: "Closed."


A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be
too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which
was intended for her preservation.
		-- Colton


There are worse things in life than death.  Have you ever spent an evening
with an insurance salesman?
		-- Woody Allen


Two golfers were being held up as the twosome of women in front of them
whiffed shots, hunted for lost balls and stood over putts for what seemed
like hours.
	"I'll ask if we can play through," Bill said as he strode toward
the women.  Twenty yards from the green, however, he turned on his heel
and went back to where his companion was waiting.
	"Can't do it," he explained, sheepishly.  "One of them's my wife
and the other's my mistress!"
	"I'll ask," said Jim.  He started off, only to turn and come back
before reaching the green.
	"What's wrong?" Bill asked.
	"Small world, isn't it?"


A big store buyer had been on the road for nearly two months.  Each week he
would send his wife a telegram saying,
	"Can't come home yet.  Still buying."
His wife knew that these buying trips usually involved more than business.
She tolerated this particular jaunt for a while, but when the third month
rolled by and she'd still seen nothing of her husband but the weekly telegrams,
she wired him,
	"Better come home.  I'm selling what you're buying."


Hydrogen: A colorless, odorless, lighter than air gas which, given
time, turns into people.
		-- Harlow Shapley


Of course a platonic relationship is possible -- but only between
husband and wife.


I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


It's better to be wanted for murder than not to be wanted at all.
		-- Marty Winch


Madam, there's no such thing as a tough child --
if you parboil them first for seven hours, they always come out tender.
		-- W. C. Fields


Gone With The Wind LITE(tm)
	-- by Margaret Mitchell

	A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed.

Gift of the Magii LITE(tm)
	-- by O. Henry

	A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences.

The Old Man and the Sea LITE(tm)
	-- by Ernest Hemingway

	An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.

Diary of a Young Girl LITE(tm)
	-- by Anne Frank

	A young girl hides in an attic but is discovered.


A Mormon is a man that has the bad taste and the religion to do what a
good many other people are restrained from doing by conscientious
scruples and the police.
		-- Mr. Dooley


Whoever named it "necking" was a poor judge of anatomy.
		-- Groucho Marx


I'm all for computer dating, but I
wouldn't want one to marry my sister.


I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
		-- Mae West


That's where the money was.
		-- Willie Sutton, on being asked why he robbed a bank

It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
		-- Willie Sutton


Cocaine is nature's way of telling you you have too much money.


If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


Beware of self-styled experts: an ex is a has-been, and a spurt is a
drip under pressure.


The problem with being best man at a wedding is that you never get a
chance to prove it.


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. Having a beer can't make you pregnant.
 2. A beer wouldn't trade you in on a sports car.
 3. If a beer did have a sports car, it wouldn't love it more than you.
 4. A beer doesn't want to go out alone with the other beers.
 5. A beer wouldn't waste its money on Playbeer magazine.
 6. You don't have to worry about getting AIDS from a bisexual beer.
 7. A beer won't switch the TV channel.
 8. A beer doesn't snore.
 9. A beer doesn't care that you can't find your car's carburator.
10. A beer doesn't think black leather bikinis are neat.


I really hate this damned machine
I wish that they would sell it.
It never does quite what I want
But only what I tell it.


"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.


	Desperate about the state of her social life, a young woman resorted
to the Personal Ads in the back of her local paper.  In the ad she made it
quite clear that what she was advertising for was an expert lover; she already
had plenty of sensitive friends and meaningful relationships and what she
now wanted was to get laid, to put it bluntly.  Phone calls started coming
in, with each caller testifying to his sexual prowess, but none quite struck
the young woman's fancy.  Until one night her doorbell rang.  Opening the door
she found a man with no arms or legs, who informed her that he was there in
response to her advertisement.  "I'm terribly sorry," she stammered, "but my
ad was quite explicit.  I'm really looking for something of a sexual expert,
and you... uh... don't have all the..."
	"Listen," the man interrupted her, "I rang the doorbell, didn't I?"


One way to stop a run away horse is to bet on him.


	A father gave his teenage daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for
her birthday.  An hour later, when wandered through the house, he found her
looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.  "My pup," she murmured
sadly, "runneth over."


If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him.
They would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make
fun of it.
		-- Thomas Carlyle


And... What in the world ever became of Sweet Jane?
	She's lost her sparkle, you see she isn't the same.
	Livin' on reds, vitamin C, and cocaine
	All a friend can say is "Ain't it a shame?"
		-- The Grateful Dead


Dime is money.


When I get real bored, I like to drive downtown and get a great parking spot,
then sit in my car and count how many people ask me if I'm leaving.
		-- Steven Wright


America cannot be sold a can of beer without
being offered a piece of pussy along with it.
		-- Julius Lester


I've always made it a solemn practice to never
drink anything stronger than tequila before breakfast.
		-- R. Nesson


The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents,
and the second half by our children.
		-- Clarence Darrow


