A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


The best way to cut off a cat's tail is to repossess his Jaguar.


If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem.
		-- C. Durance, Computer Science 234


Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
		-- A. H. Weiler


I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


There is no TRUTH.  There is no REALITY.  There is no CONSISTENCY.
There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS.  I'm very probably wrong.


Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more
than the estimate the job will cost.


Wet dream, n.:
	Overnight sensation.


Life is like a shit sandwich.  The more bread
you have, the less shit you have to eat.


Peter Wemm Murphy Field, n.:
	A field of abnormally frequent and severe Murphy's Law events
emanating from Mr. Peter Wemm.  The field was first discovered and
identified in Denmark during the initial FreeBSD SMP development.
Mr. Wemm was residing in Australia at the time.


Tell me why the stars do shine,
Tell me why the ivy twines,
Tell me why the sky's so blue,
And I will tell you just why I love you.

	Nuclear fusion makes stars to shine,
	Phototropism makes ivy twine,
	Rayleigh scattering makes sky so blue,
	Sexual hormones are why I love you.


Those who sweat in flames of hell,	Leaden eared, some thought their bowels
Here's the reason that they fell:	Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels.
While on earth they prayed in SAS,	These they offered up in praise
PL/1, or other crass,			Thinking all this fetid haze
Vulgar tongue.				A rhapsody sung.

Some the lord did sorely try		Jabber of the mindless horde
Assembling all their pleas in hex.	Sequel next did mock the lord
Speech as crabbed as devil's crable	Slothful sequel so enfangled
Hex that marked on Tower Babel		Its speaker's lips became entangled
The highest rung.			In his bung.

Because in life they prayed so ill
And offered god such swinish swill
Now they sweat in flames of hell
Sweat from lack of APL
Sweat dung!


Omnibiblious, adj.:
	Indifferent to type of drink.  Ex: "Oh, you can get me anything.
	I'm omnibiblious."


If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine,
you won't get any ice.  If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get
ice, but no cup.


To be is to do.
		-- I. Kant
To do is to be.
		-- A. Sartre
Do be a Do Bee!
		-- Miss Connie, Romper Room
Do be do be do!
		-- F. Sinatra
Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
		-- F. Flintstone


Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw.  Hundred billion
bottles washed up on the shore.  Seems I never noted being alone.
Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.


Confession is good for the soul only in the sense
that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
		-- Peter de Vries


I've been told that it's far more sensuous to have a woman leave something
on rather than being totally nude.  Myself, I've always felt that the lights
were more than enough.


curtation n. The enforced compression of a string in the fixed-length field
environment.
	The problem of fitting extremely variable-length strings such as names,
addresses, and item descriptions into fixed-length records is no trivial
matter.  Neglect of the subtle art of curtation has probably alienated more
people than any other aspect of data processing.  You order Mozart's "Don
Giovanni" from your record club, and they invoice you $24.95 for MOZ DONG.
The witless mapping of the sublime onto the ridiculous!  Equally puzzling is
the curtation that produces the same eight characters, THE BEST, whether you
order "The Best of Wagner", "The Best of Schubert", or "The Best of the Turds".
Similarly, wine lovers buying from computerized wineries twirl their glasses,
check their delivery notes, and inform their friends, "A rather innocent,
possibly overtruncated CAB SAUV 69 TAL."  The squeezing of fruit into 10
columns has yielded such memorable obscenities as COX OR PIP.  The examples
cited are real, and the curtational methodology which produced them is still
with us.

MOZ DONG n.
	Curtation of Don Giovanni by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Lorenzo da
Ponte, as performed by the computerized billing ensemble of the Internat'l
Preview Society, Great Neck (sic), N.Y.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


So live that you wouldn't be ashamed
to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(24) Feminism was established so that unattractive women could have
     easier access to the mainstream of society.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Never eat more than you can lift.
		-- Miss Piggy


QOTD:
	"My ambition is to marry a rich woman who's too proud to let
	her husband work."


Last week's pet, this week's special.


Waste not, get your budget cut next year.


=======================================================================
||								     ||
|| The FORTUNE-COOKIE program is soon to be a Major Motion Picture!  ||
||	   Watch for it at a theater near you next summer!	     ||
||								     ||
=======================================================================
	Francis Ford Coppola presents a George Lucas Production:
			"Fortune Cookie"
	Directed by Steven Spielberg.
	Starring  Harrison Ford  Bette Midler  Marlon Brando
		  Christopher Reeves  Marilyn Chambers
		  and Bob Hope as "The Waiter".
	Costumes Designed by Pierre Cardin.
	Special Effects by Timothy Leary.
	Read the Warner paperback!
	Invoke the Unix program!
	Soundtrack on XTC Records.
	In 70mm and Dolby Stereo at selected theaters and terminal
		centers.


Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they
can be terribly misleading.  Debug only code.
		-- Dave Storer


Heard tell that the Iron Magnolia wanted to divorce ol' Jimmy.
Seems he's screwing everyone but her.


If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it
off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


There is only one way to console a widow.  But remember the risk.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


I thought YOU silenced the guard!


Enemy -- SP (Suppressive Person) Order.  Fair Game.  May be deprived of
property or injured by any means by any Scientologist without any discipline
of the Scientologist.  May be tricked, sued or lied to or destroyed.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard, "Fair Game Doctrine"


I smell a wumpus.


Dance is the vertical expression of a horizontal intention.


69 + 69 = dinner for 4.


Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
		-- Leo Rosten, on W. C. Fields


For a light heart lives long.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


Back in the good ole days in Texas, when stagecoaches and the like was
popular, there were three people in a stagecoach one day: a true red-
blooded born-and-raised Texas gentleman, a tenderfoot city-slicker from
back East, and a beautiful and well-endowed Texas lady.  The city-
slicker kept eyeing the lady, and finally he leaned forward and said,
"Lady, I'll give you $10 for a blow job."  The Texas gentleman looked
appalled, pulled out his pistol, and killed the city-slicker on the
spot.  The lady gasped and said, "Thank you, suh, for defendin' mah
honor!"  Whereupon the Texan holstered his gun and said, "Your honor,
hell!  No tenderfoot is gonna raise the price of women in Texas!"


A friend is a present you give yourself.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
		-- Heard on Noah's ark


The egg cream is psychologically the opposite of circumcision -- it
*pleasurably* reaffirms your Jewishness.
		-- Mel Brooks


Yuck Foo.


A pederastic necrophiliac is a gentleman who is
true to the very end of the end of a friend.


Most people's favorite way to end a game is by winning.


Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.


The man who said "A bird in the hand's worth two in the bush" has been
putting his bird in the *WRONG* bushes.


A rolling stone gathers no moss.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to draw "Cubby" for an art scholarship.
	-- I have to sit up with a sick ant.
	-- I'm trying to be less popular.
	-- My bathroom tiles need grouting.
	-- I'm waiting to see if I'm already a winner.
	-- My subconscious says no.
	-- I just picked up a book called "Glue in Many Lands" and I
		can't seem to put it down.
	-- My favorite commercial is on TV.
	-- I have to study for my blood test.
	-- I've been traded to Cincinnati.
	-- I'm having my baby shoes bronzed.
	-- I have to go to court for kitty littering.


The world is a comedy to those who think,
and a tragedy to those who feel.
		-- Horace Walpole


The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Delusions are often functional. A mother's opinions about
her children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad
nauseam, keep her from drowning them at birth.


If you marry a man who cheats on his wife, you'll
be married to a man who cheats on his wife.
		-- Ann Landers


QOTD:
	"It was so cold last winter that I saw a lawyer with his
	hands in his own pockets."


Silverman's Law:
	If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.


Smoking Prohibited.  Absolutely no ifs, ands, or butts.


QOTD:
	"It's been Monday all week today."


There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none.
		-- Paul Bourget


Cover your stump before you hump.
Before you attack her, wrap your wacker.
Don't be silly... protect your Willie.
Wrap it in foil before checking her oil.
If you're not going to sack it, go home and wack it.
		-- National Condom Week


It's no surprise that things are so screwed up: everyone that knows how
to run a government is either driving taxicabs or cutting hair.
		-- George Burns


The very remembrance of my former misfortune proves a new one to me.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


While walking down a crowded
City street the other day,
I heard a little urchin
To a comrade turn and say,
"Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse,
I'd be happy as a clam
If only I was de feller dat
Me mudder t'inks I am.

"She t'inks I am a wonder,		My friends, be yours a life of toil
An' she knows her little lad		Or undiluted joy,
Could never mix wit' nuttin'		You can learn a wholesome lesson
Dat was ugly, mean or bad.		From that small, untutored boy.
Oh, lot o' times I sit and t'ink	Don't aim to be an earthly saint
How nice, 'twould be, gee whiz!		With eyes fixed on a star:
If a feller was de feller		Just try to be the fellow that
Dat his mudder t'inks he is."		Your mother thinks you are.
		-- Will S. Adkin, "If I Only Was the Fellow"


But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the
system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed,
analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
		-- Bruce Leverett,
		   "Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers"


It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.


Love means nothing to a tennis player.


If you have seen one city slum you have seen them all.
		-- Spiro Agnew


When things go wrong as they usually will,
And your daily road seems all uphill,
When funds are low and debts are high,
When you try to smile, but can only cry --
And you really feel you'd like to quit,
Don't talk to me; I don't give a shit.


Waldheimers disease is what you have when you can't remember you were a Nazi.


Hope not, lest ye be disappointed.
		-- M. Horner


MAFIA, n.:
	[Acronym for Mechanized Applications in Forced Insurance
Accounting.] An extensive network with many on-line and offshore
subsystems running under OS, DOS, and IOS.  MAFIA documentation is
rather scanty, and the MAFIA sales office exhibits that testy
reluctance to bona fide inquiries which is the hallmark of so many DP
operations.  From the little that has seeped out, it would appear that
MAFIA operates under a non-standard protocol, OMERTA, a tight-lipped
variant of SNA, in which extended handshakes also perform complex
security functions.  The known timesharing aspects of MAFIA point to a
more than usually autocratic operating system.  Screen prompts carry an
imperative, nonrefusable weighting (most menus offer simple YES/YES
options, defaulting to YES) that precludes indifference or delay.
Uniquely, all editing under MAFIA is performed centrally, using a
powerful rubout feature capable of erasing files, filors, filees, and
entire nodal aggravations.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


T-shirt of the Week:
	I'm not excited, I'm cold!


A song in time is worth a dime.


QUOTE OF THE DAY:

	`



Announcing the NEW VAX 11/782!!

Be the envy of other major Communist Governments!

Defend yourself against the entire ICBM force of the imperialist USA with
just one of the processors, at the same time you're designing missile ICs,
cracking secret NATO codes and editing propaganda for your own people all
at the same time with the other! (Well, you really can't, but the Americans
think you can, and that's the point, right?)


Women are not much, but they are the best other sex we have.
		-- Herold


If you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat.
		-- Simone De Beauvoir


Friends, Romans, Hipsters,
Let me clue you in;
I come to put down Caesar, not to groove him.
The square kicks some cats are on stay with them;
The hip bits, like, go down under; so let it lay with Caesar.  The cool Brutus
Gave you the message: Caesar had big eyes;
If that's the sound, someone's copping a plea,
And, like, old Caesar really set them straight.
Here, copacetic with Brutus and the studs, -- for Brutus is a real cool cat;
So are they all, all cool cats, --
Come I to make this gig at Caesar's laying down.


Creativity is not always bred in an environment of tranquility;
sometimes you have to squeeze a little to get the paste out of the tube.


Flattery will get you everywhere.


You'll be sorry...


Pascal, n.:
	A programming language named after a man who would turn over
	in his grave if he knew about it.
		-- Datamation, January 15, 1984


The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.


	How many seconds are there in a year?  If I tell you there are
3.155  x  10^7, you won't even try to remember it.  On the other hand, who
could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a nanocentury.
		-- Tom Duff, Bell Labs


Chinese saying: "He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks."


Battle, n.:
	A method of untying with the teeth a political knot that
	will not yield to the tongue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!

Try:
	[Where is Jimmy Hoffa?			(C shell)
	^How did the^sex change operation go?	(C shell)
	"How would you rate BSD vs. System V?
	%blow					(C shell)
	'thou shalt not mow thy grass at 8am'	(C shell)
	got a light?				(C shell)
	!!:Say, what do you think of margarine?	(C shell)
	PATH=pretending! /usr/ucb/which sense	(Bourne shell)
	make love
	make "the perfect dry martini"
	man -kisses dog				(anything up to 4.3BSD)
	i=Hoffa ; >$i; $i; rm $i; rm $i		(Bourne shell)


	"How'd you get that flat?"
	"Ran over a bottle."
	"Didn't you see it?"
	"Damn kid had it under his coat."


What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us
is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.


Corrupt, stupid grasping functionaries will make at least as big a muddle
of socialism as stupid, selfish and acquisitive employers can make of
capitalism.
		-- Walter Lippmann


The people sensible enough to give
good advice are usually sensible enough to give none.


You can't kiss a girl unexpectedly --
only sooner than she thought you would.


I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.


Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.


The solution of problems is the most characteristic
and peculiar sort of voluntary thinking.
		-- William James


nohup rm -fr /&


When you say that you agree to a thing in principle, you mean that
you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


Most people's favorite way to end a game is by winning.


Religion is a crutch, but that's okay... humanity is a cripple.


One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
[...]
sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".


To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances
may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
		-- Joseph Glanvill, 1661


May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your
Mouth with the Force of a Thousand Caramels.


A large number of installed systems work by fiat.
That is, they work by being declared to work.
		-- Anatol Holt


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.


Moebius strippers never show you their back side.


Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.


Do you know, I think that Dr. Swift was silly to laugh about Laputa.
I believe it is a mistake to make a mock of people, just because they
think.  There are ninety thousand people in this world who do not
think, for every one who does, and these people hate the thinkers
like poison.  Even if some thinkers are fanciful, it is wrong to make
fun of them for it.  Better to think about cucumbers even, than not
to think at all.
		-- T. H. White


Don't vote - it only encourages them!


Millihelen, adj.:
	The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.


Q:	What goes: Sis!  Boom!  Baaaaah!
A:	Exploding sheep.


		The Three Major Kind of Tools

* Tools for hitting things to make them loose or to tighten them up or
  jar their many complex, sophisticated electrical parts in such a
  manner that they function perfectly.  (These are your hammers, maces,
  bludgeons, and truncheons.)

* Tools that, if dropped properly, can penetrate your foot.  (Awls)

* Tools that nobody should ever use because the potential danger is far
  greater than the value of any project that could possibly result.
  (Power saws, power drills, power staplers, any kind of tool that uses
  any kind of power more advanced than flashlight batteries.)
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


A violent man will die a violent death.
		-- Lao Tsu


QOTD:
	"My mother was the travel agent for guilt trips."


Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.


Real programs don't eat cache.


Wake up and smell the coffee.
		-- Ann Landers


There is a vast difference between the savage and civilized man, but it
is never apparent to their wives until after breakfast.
		-- Helen Rowland


I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats.
I tell them the truth and they never believe me.
		-- Camillo Di Cavour


	A bear and a rabbit are taking a crap in the woods.  The bear looks
over at the rabbit and asks, "Say, does shit ever stick to your fur?"
	"No."
	So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit.


Congratulations!  You are the one-millionth user to log into our system.
If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't
hesitate to ask!


Remove me from this land of slaves,
Where all are fools, and all are knaves,
Where every knave and fool is bought,
Yet kindly sells himself for nought;
		-- Jonathan Swift


What happens if a big asteroid hits Earth?  Judging from realistic simulations
involving a sledge hammer and a common laboratory frog, we can assume it will
be pretty bad.
		-- Dave Barry


TO THOSE OF YOU WHO DESIRE IT, I GRANT YOU MADRAK'S BLESSING:

	Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care
what I say, I ask, if it matters, that you be forgiven for anything you
may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness.
	Conversely, if not forgiveness but something else be required
to insure any possible benefit for which you may be eligible after the
destruction of your body, I ask that this, whatever it may be, be granted
or withheld, as the case may be, in such a manner as to insure your
receiving said benefit.
	I ask this in my capacity as your elected intermediary between
yourself and that which may have an interest in the matter of your receiving
as much as it is possible for you to receive of this thing, and which may
in some way be influenced by this ceremony.
	Amen.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Creatures of Light and Darkness", 1969


Don't tell me what you dream'd last night for I've been reading Freud.


A friend of mine is into Voodoo Acupuncture.  You don't have to go.
You'll just be walking down the street and...  Ooohh, that's much better.
		-- Steven Wright


Several years ago, an international chess tournament was being held in a
swank hotel in New York.  Most of the major stars of the chess world were
there, and after a grueling day of chess, the players and their entourages
retired to the lobby of the hotel for a little refreshment.  In the lobby,
some players got into a heated argument about who was the brightest, the
fastest, and the best chess player in the world.  The argument got quite
loud, as various players claimed that honor.  At that point, a security
guard in the lobby turned to another guard and commented, "If there's
anything I just can't stand, it's chess nuts boasting in an open foyer."


Boston State House is the hub of the Solar System.  You couldn't pry
that out of a Boston man if you had the tire of all creation
straightened out for a crowbar.
		-- O. W. Holmes


Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of
blue denim.  If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys
like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim.  I don't enjoy the sky
or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character.  If Jesus Christ
came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the
nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim.  Then we'd get
crucified in the morning.
		-- Ian Anderson, of Jethro Tull


The operator's left hand quivered as she gingerly unlatched the
catch to the diskette reader.  Uncontrollably, she reached down,
guiding the sharply pointed diskette into the deep, dark slot.
The floppy diskette nearly folded under the repeated thrusts of
her hand, until finally she could control it no longer, her right
hand instinctively taking an option zero.  And then it all came at
once, thousands upon thousands of data bits flowing from diskette
to disk in a torrent of torrid transfer, as the helpless legs
of the 32 strained to remain on the floor.


A complex system that works is invariably
found to have evolved from a simple system that works.


Finster's Law:
A closed mouth gathers no feet.


Santa Claus wears a red suit
He's a Communist.

He has long hair and a beard
Must be a pacifist.

And what's in the pipe that he's smoking?

Santa Claus comes in your house at night.
He must be a dope fiend to get you up tight.

Why do police guys beat on peace guys?
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "The Pause of Mr. Claus"


To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.


Hang gliders come down very slowly.


Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
		-- The Mad Dogtender


	America, Russia and Japan are sending up a two year shuttle mission
with one astronaut from each country.  Since it's going to be two long, lonely
years up there, each may bring any form of entertainment weighing 150 pounds
or less.  The American approaches the NASA board and asks to take his 125 lb.
wife. They approve.
	The Japanese astronaut says, "I've always wanted to learn Latin.  I
want 100 lbs. of textbooks."  The NASA board approves.  The Russian astronaut
thinks for a second and says, "Two years...  all right, I want 150 pounds of
the best Cuban cigars ever made."  Again, NASA okays it.
	Two years later, the shuttle lands and everyone is gathered outside
to welcome back the astronauts.  Well, it's obvious what the American's been
up to, he and his wife are each holding an infant.  The crowd cheers.  The
Japanese astronaut steps out and makes a 10 minute speech in absolutely
perfect Latin.  The crowd doesn't understand a word of it, but they're
impressed and they cheer again.  The Russian astronaut stomps out, clenches
the podium until his knuckles turn white, glares at the first row and
screams: "Anybody got a match?"


Better by far you should forget and
smile than that you should remember and be sad.
		-- Christina Rossetti


Graduate life -- it's not just a job, it's an indenture.


The gods gave man fire and he invented fire engines.
They gave him love and he invented marriage.


Egotist, n.:
	A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Spirtle, n.:
	The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in
	your eye.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


The government [is] extremely fond of amassing great quantities of
statistics.  These are raised to the _nth degree, the cube roots are
extracted, and the results are arranged into elaborate and impressive
displays.  What must be kept ever in mind, however, is that in every
case, the figures are first put down by a village watchman, and he puts
down anything he damn well pleases.
		-- Sir Josiah Stamp


If you fool around with something long
enough, it will eventually break.


One of the worst of my many faults is that I'm too critical of myself.


If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
		-- Marvin Kitman


Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with a baseball bat.


This thing all things devours:
Birds, beasts, trees, flowers;
Gnaws iron, bites steel;
Grinds hard stones to meal;
Slays king, ruins town,
And beats high mountain down.


The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
		-- T. Cheatham


This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
		-- Winston Churchill


May the fairy god-camel leave a lump on your pillow!


Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.
		-- Tom Lehrer


And the northern lights commenced to glow.
And she said, with a tear in her eye,
"Watch out where the huskies go, and don't you eat that yellow snow."
		-- Frank Zappa, "The Story of Nanook and the Fur Trapper"


	Several students were asked to prove that all odd integers are prime.
	The first student to try to do this was a math student.  "Hmmm...
Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, and by induction, we have that all
the odd integers are prime."
	The second student to try was a man of physics who commented, "I'm not
sure of the validity of your proof, but I think I'll try to prove it by
experiment."  He continues, "Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is
prime, 9 is...  uh, 9 is... uh, 9 is an experimental error, 11 is prime, 13
is prime...  Well, it seems that you're right."
	The third student to try it was the engineering student, who responded,
"Well, to be honest, actually, I'm not sure of your answer either.  Let's
see...  1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is... uh, 9 is...
well, if you approximate, 9 is prime, 11 is prime, 13 is prime...  Well, it
does seem right."
	Not to be outdone, the computer science student comes along and says
"Well, you two sort've got the right idea, but you'll end up taking too long!
I've just whipped up a program to REALLY go and prove it."  He goes over to
his terminal and runs his program.  Reading the output on the screen he says,
"1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime..."


Camille's Axiom:
	If you haven't asked yourself, "Why the hell did
	I go to college anyway?", you must be teaching.


It's no use crying over spilt milk -- it only makes it salty for the cat.


It takes leather balls to play rugby.
	(Blood makes the grass grow!)


A man usually falls in love with a woman who asks the kinds of questions
he is able to answer.
		-- Ronald Colman


Darling: the popular form of address used in speaking to a member of the
opposite sex whose name you cannot at the moment remember.
		-- Oliver Herford


Throw away documentation and manuals,
and users will be a hundred times happier.
Throw away privileges and quotas,
and users will do the Right Thing.
Throw away proprietary and site licenses,
and there won't be any pirating.

If these three aren't enough,
just stay at your home directory
and let all processes take their course.


A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from
the vexation of thinking.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Journals" (1831)


71:
	69 with two fingers up your ass.
		-- George Carlin


A-Z affectionately,
1 to 10 alphabetically,
from here to eternity without in betweens,
still looking for a custom fit in an off-the-rack world,
sales talk from sales assistants
	when all i want to do is lower your resistance,
no rhythm in cymbals no tempo in drums,
love's on arrival,
she comes when she comes,
right on the target but wide of the mark...


High Priest:	Armaments Chapter One, verses nine through twenty-seven:
Bro. Maynard:	And Saint Attila raised the Holy Hand Grenade up on high
	saying, "Oh Lord, Bless us this Holy Hand Grenade, and with it
	smash our enemies to tiny bits."  And the Lord did grin, and the
	people did feast upon the lambs, and stoats, and orangutans, and
	breakfast cereals, and lima bean-
High Priest:	Skip a bit, brother.
Bro. Maynard:	And then the Lord spake, saying: "First, shalt thou take
	out the holy pin.  Then shalt thou count to three.  No more, no less.
	*Three* shall be the number of the counting, and the number of the
	counting shall be three.  *Four* shalt thou not count, and neither
	count thou two, excepting that thou then goest on to three.  Five is
	RIGHT OUT.  Once the number three, being the third number be reached,
	then lobbest thou thy Holy Hand Grenade towards thy foe, who, being
	naughty in my sight, shall snuff it.  Amen.
All:	Amen.
		-- Monty Python, "The Holy Hand Grenade"


The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate
knowledge of its ugly side.
		-- James Baldwin


The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
		-- T. Cheatham


Never drink Coca-Cola in a moving elevator.  The elevator's motion coupled
with the chemicals in Coke produce hallucinations. People tend to change
into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the
window.  (Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.)


Going into politics is as fatal to a gentleman as going into a bordello
is fatal to a virgin.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


A CONS is an object which cares.
		-- Bernie Greenberg


The harder they come, the more important it is to have
an extra-firm mattress.


It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain


The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
		-- Blaise Pascal


A language that doesn't affect the way you
think about programming is not worth knowing.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Q:	How many Romulans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Twelve.  One to screw the light-bulb in, and eleven
	to self-destruct the ship out of disgrace.

	[Warning: do not tell this joke to Romulans or else be ready for
	a fight.  They consider it to be a disgrace, though it's
	pretty good for a LBJ.  Ed.]


They are ill discoverers that think there is no land,
when they can see nothing but sea.
		-- Francis Bacon


Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.


Now that day wearies me,
My yearning desire
Will receive more kindly,
Like a tired child, the starry night.

Hands, leave off your deeds,
Mind, forget all thoughts;
All of my forces
Yearn only to sink into sleep.

And my soul, unguarded,
Would soar on widespread wings,
To live in night's magical sphere
More profoundly, more variously.
		-- Hermann Hesse, "Going to Sleep"


My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"


If you think the system is working,
ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.


Information Processing:
	What you call data processing when people are so disgusted with
	it they won't let it be discussed in their presence.


God, I ask for patience -- and I want it right now!


There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.


Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins, "The Hobbit"


Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic
table.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"


