Desperate because her husband hadn't made love to her in months, a lonely
housewife finally mustered her courage and went to their doctor for advice.
The doctor was very sympathetic and wrote out a prescription for pills that
were guaranteed to rekindle the husband's ardor in a big way.  "They'll make
him horny as hell," the doctor confided, "but they're very potent, so just
put one in whatever he's drinking."
	Upon arriving home, the woman left the pills on the kitchen counter
and dashed off to the supermarket.  It didn't take long before the cat jumped
up, knocked them over onto the floor, and ate a couple, as did the family
dog.  And when the husband got home with a headache, he took a few thinking
they were aspirin.
	When the housewife returned, she was horrified to see the dog humping
the cat and the cat jumping all over the dog, but even stranger was the sight
of her husband with his penis inside the pencil sharpener on the counter.
"What in heaven's name are you doing, John?" she cried.
	"See that mosquito?" he replied.


Cutler Webster's Law:
	There are two sides to every argument, unless a person
	is personally involved, in which case there is only one.


Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.


Does a one-legged duck swim in a circle?


The real reason psychology is hard is that
psychologists are trying to do the impossible.


I see a good deal of talk from Washington about lowering taxes.  I hope
they do get 'em lowered down enough so people can afford to pay 'em.
		-- Will Rogers


Hacker's Quicky #313:
	Sour Cream -n- Onion Potato Chips
	Microwave Egg Roll
	Chocolate Milk


It's hard not to like a man of many qualities,
even if most of them are bad.


You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.


Sushido, n.:
	The way of the tuna.


Texas is Hell on woman and horses.
		-- Wayne Oakes


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3

MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET:
	Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and
	tries to make it big on Broadway.  Santa sings and dances his way
	into your heart.


	"Well, it's a little rough... it might not be necessary to drag him 40
blocks.  Maybe just four.  You could put him in the trunk for the first 36
blocks, then haul him out and drag him the last four; that would certainly
scare the piss out of him, bumping alone the street, feeling all his skin being
ripped off..."
	"He'd be a bloody mess.  They might think he was just some drunk and
let him lie there all night."
	"Don't worry about that.  They have a guard station in front of the
White House that's open 24 hours a day.  The guards would recognize Colson...
and by that time of course his wife would have called the cops and reported
that a bunch of thugs had kidnapped him."
	"Wouldn't it be a little kinder if you drove about four more blocks
and stopped at a phone box to ring the hospital and say, 'Would you mind going
around to the front of the White House?  There's a naked man lying outside
in the street, bleeding to death...'"
	"... and we think it's Mr. Colson."
	"It would be quite a story for the newspapers, wouldn't it?"
	"Yeah, I think it's safe to say we'd see some headlines on that one."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, talking to R. Steadman on C. Colson,
		   ex-Marine captain, now born again, of Watergate fame.


MEETINGS:
	A place where minutes are kept and hours are lost.


So little time, so little to do.
		-- Oscar Levant


To love is good, love being difficult.


You worry too much about your job.
Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.


You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if
you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is,
and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...


I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.


Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Four Quartets: Burnt Norton"


There is a natural hootchy-kootchy to a goldfish.
		-- Walt Disney


Overheard:
	"How do I feel?  Great!  And I kiss pretty good, too!"


You know very well that whether you are on page one or page thirty depends
on whether [the press] fear you.  It is just as simple as that.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


It's better to be wanted for murder than not to be wanted at all.
		-- Marty Winch


If I set here and stare at nothing long enough, people might think
I'm an engineer working on something.
		-- S. R. McElroy


I don't see what's wrong with giving Bobby a little experience before
he starts to practice law.
		-- John F. Kennedy, upon appointing his brother
		   Attorney-General.


As my dear auntie used to say, "Love makes the world go 'round, but sex
makes the ride fun."


Spouse, n.:
	Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you
	wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.


When your memory goes, forget it!


National security is in your hands - guard it well.


Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder
aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
		-- Senator Soaper


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17 -- SARTRE

	Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely
unstructured language.  Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are.
Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions.  SARTRE
programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.


CONFERENCE:
	A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear
	what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what
	he's already decided to do.


Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
		-- Richard Armour


panic: can't find /


Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even
one which cannot be justified on any other grounds.
		-- J. Finnegan, USC


De Hispanice puella verumque
Simplex oris verborumque
	Tulit potens vagina
	Hominum agmina
Iterum iterum iterumque.


Practice yourself what you preach.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

BBW	Branch Both Ways
BEW	Branch Either Way
BBBF	Branch on Bit Bucket Full
BH	Branch and Hang
BMR	Branch Multiple Registers
BOB	Branch On Bug
BPO	Branch on Power Off
BST	Backspace and Stretch Tape
CDS	Condense and Destroy System
CLBR	Clobber Register
CLBRI	Clobber Register Immediately
CM	Circulate Memory
CMFRM	Come From -- essential for truly structured programming
CPPR	Crumple Printer Paper and Rip
CRN	Convert to Roman Numerals


Love makes fools, marriage cuckolds, and patriotism malevolent imbeciles.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Passe-temps"


Hear about...
	the fine, upstanding young woman who's wonderful laying down?


I have a funny daddy
Who goes in and out with me
And everything that baby does
Daddy's sure to see,
And everything that baby says,
My daddy's sure to tell.
You _m_u_s_t have read my daddy's verse.
I hope he fries in Hell.
		-- Ogden Nash


Were it not for imagination, sir, a man would be as happy in the arms
of a chambermaid as a duchess.
		-- Dr. Johnson


Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.


He's dead, Jim.


I value kindness to human beings first of all, and kindness to animals.  I
don't respect the law; I have a total irreverence for anything connected
with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger,
the food cheaper, and old men and women warmer in the winter, and happier
in the summer.
		-- Brendan Behan


Bloom's Seventh Law of Litigation:
	The judge's jokes are always funny.


A pain in the ass of major dimensions.
		-- C. A. Desoer, on the solution of non-linear circuits


Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme
personne n'ecoute, il faut toujours recommencer.
		-- A. Gide


	One day it was announced that the young monk Kyogen had reached
an enlightened state.  Much impressed by this news, several of his peers
went to speak with him.
	"We have heard that you are enlightened.  Is this true?" his fellow
students inquired.
	"It is", Kyogen answered.
	"Tell us", said a friend, "how do you feel?"
	"As miserable as ever", replied the enlightened Kyogen.


I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life.
I asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career
of a robber.
		-- Tiburcio Vasquez


Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.


For a thousand years I wielded the powers of the wish.  I brought ruin
to the heads of unfaithful men.  I brought forth destruction and chaos
for the pleasure of the lower beings.  I was feared and worshiped across
the mortal globe.  And now I'm stuck at Sunnydale High.  A mortal.
A child ...  and I'm flunking math.
		-- Anya, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


A full belly makes a dull brain.
		-- Benjamin Franklin

		[and the local candy machine man.  Ed]


I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"


Have at you!


You'll be sorry...


Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost.
		-- Aleister Crowley


... Once you're safely in the mall, you should tie your children to you
with ropes so the other shoppers won't try to buy them.  Holiday
shoppers have been whipped into a frenzy by months of holiday
advertisements, and they will buy anything small enough to stuff into a
shopping bag.  If your children object to being tied, threaten to take
them to see Santa Claus; that ought to shut them up.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold,
and according to convention, there is an order.  In truth, there are atoms
and a void.
		-- Democritus, 400 B.C.


Adam's Law:
	(1)  Women don't know what they want;
	     they don't like what they have got.
	(2)  Men know very well what they want;
	     having got it, they begin to lose interest.


A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong!


It's later than you think, the joint
Russian-American space mission has already begun.


TRANSACTION CANCELED - FARECARD RETURNED


You know the Norplant thing?  It's a new birth control device for women.
It's a cartridge, that goes in your arm.  Well, they're coming out with
a new one for men: it's a brain, that goes in your head.


I'd love to go out with you, but I did my own thing and now I've got
to undo it.


Send lawyers, guns, and money,
The shit has hit the fan.
		-- Warren Zevon


GIVE:	Support the helpless victims of computer error.


You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).


When my brain begins to reel from my
literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.
		-- Ignatius Reilly


Q:	What's white and crawls up your leg?
A:	Uncle Ben's Perverted Rice.


Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


	A great American Olympic wrestler was receiving last-minute advice
from his coach about the upcoming match with the Soviet Champion.
	"This Russian guy is really good, very strong and quick.  But I think
you can take him.  Remember, though, like I've told you before, don't let
him get you in the Pretzel hold.  With his strength you'd never get out."
	The American leaps onto the mat, and within moments the two behemoths
are going crazy, struggling to get each other pinned.  The American slowly
gains ground and appears that he might actually win on points alone, when, in
the blink of an eye, the Russian reverses him and whips him into the fatal
Pretzel hold.
	The coach, off by the side, shakes his head in dismay, and sits down
on the bench with his head between his hands.  All of a sudden, there's a
scream and the two wrestlers fly apart, the American regaining control and
pinning the Russian.  After the match, in the dressing room, the coach
finally gets the winner alone.  "Great job!  But how the hell did you get out
of the Pretzel Hold?  I thought it was over for sure!"
	"Well, I did too.  I was in the hold, about to be pinned, when I saw
this huge pair of testicles hanging right in front of my eyes.  I figured
what the hell, so I stretched forward and bit them as hard as I could.  Coach,
you just don't know your own strength 'til you've bitten your own balls!"


In a surprise raid last night, federal agent's ransacked a house in search
of a rebel computer hacker.  However, they were unable to complete the arrest
because the warrant was made out in the name of Don Provan, while the only
person in the house was named don provan.  Proving, once again, that Unix is
superior to Tops10.


Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.


Fig Newton.


Reputation, adj.:
	What others are not thinking about you.


Fellow programmer, greetings!  You are reading a letter which will bring
you luck and good fortune.  Just mail (or UUCP) ten copies of this letter
to ten of your friends.  Before you make the copies, send a chip or
other bit of hardware, and 100 lines of "C" code to the first person on the
list given at the bottom of this letter.  Then delete their name and add
yours to the bottom of the list.

Don't break the chain!  Make the copy within 48 hours.  Gerald R. of San
Diego failed to send out his ten copies and woke the next morning to find
his job description changed to "COBOL programmer."  Fred A. of New York sent
out his ten copies and within a month had enough hardware and software to
build a Cray dedicated to playing Zork.  Martha H. of Chicago laughed at
this letter and broke the chain.  Shortly thereafter, a fire broke out in
her terminal and she now spends her days writing documentation for IBM PC's.

Don't break the chain!  Send out your ten copies today!


Once you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.


	The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff
in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.  Everybody but one girl
laughed uproariously.  "What's the matter?" grumbled the boss. "Haven't you
got a sense of humor?"
	"I don't have to laugh," she said.  "I'm leaving Friday anyway.


You must know that a man can have only one invulnerable loyalty, loyalty
to his own concept of the obligations of manhood.  All other loyalties
are merely deputies of that one.
		-- Nero Wolfe


The Second Law of Thermodynamics:
	If you think things are in a mess now, just wait!
		-- Jim Warner


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#14

Low Blows:
	Let's say a man and woman are watching a boxing match on TV.  One
of the boxers is felled by a low blow.  The woman says "Oh, gee.  That must
hurt." The man doubles over and actually FEELS the pain.

Dressing Up:
	A woman will dress up to go shopping, water the plants, empty the
garbage, answer the phone, read a book, get the mail.  A man will dress up
for: weddings, funerals.  Speaking of weddings, when reminiscing about
weddings, women talk about "the ceremony".  Men laugh about "the bachelor
party".

David Letterman:
	Men think David Letterman is the funniest man on the face of the
Earth.  Women think he is a mean, semi-dorky guy who always has a bad
haircut.


Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


LOVE:
	When you like to think of someone on days that begin with a morning.


Populus vult decipi.
[The people like to be deceived.]


Q:	What do you call a truck load of vibrators?
A:	Toys for twats.


The farther you go, the less you know.
		-- Lao Tsu, "Tao Te Ching"


Hello, friend!  You say things aren't going too well?  You say you have a
date with your favorite girl when it starts raining so hard you can't see?
And you're out on some back road when the car stalls and won't start, so
you set off across the fields, and 50 feet of barbed wire hits you right
smack in the puss?  And then there's a big explosion behind you and you
don't hear your girl screaming any more?

	Well, take a walk in the sun and hold your head up high!
	You'll show the world; you'll tell them where to get off!
	You'll never give up, never give up, never give up -- that ship!


Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?


Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


George, after tying on a whopper the night before, woke up in the morning to
find a pathetically unattractive woman sleeping blissfully beside him.  He
leaped out of bed, dressed quickly, and furtively placed $100 on top of the
bureau.  He then started to tiptoe out of the room.  But, as he passed the
foot of the bed, he felt a tug at his trouser leg.  Glancing down, he saw
another female even homelier than the one he'd left in bed.  She gazed up
at him soulfully, and asked, "Nothing for the bridesmaid?"


I always say beauty is only sin deep.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald's Choir Treat"


Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?


I've had a perfectly wonderful evening.  But this wasn't it.
		-- Groucho Marx


Don't drop acid -- take it pass/fail.
		-- Seen in a Ladies Room at Harvard


He thinks the Gettysburg Address is where Lincoln lived.
		-- Wanda, "A Fish Called Wanda"


It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out
next morning it was someone else.
		-- Rogers


Trying to get an education here is like
trying to take a drink from a fire hose.


An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.


Playing poker with busty Ms. Ware,
He announced as he folded with flair,
	"I had four of a kind,
	But those aces combined,
Don't stack up, I'm afraid, with your pair."


Engineering:	"How will this work?"
Science:	"Why will this work?"
Management:	"When will this work?"
Liberal Arts:	"Do you want fries with that?"


California is a fine place to live -- if you happen to be an orange.
		-- Fred Allen


A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire


Others will look to you for stability,
so hide when you bite your nails.


If you're going to walk on thin ice, you might as well dance.


In an organization, each person rises to the level of his own
incompetency
		-- The Peter Principle


She hates testicles, thus limiting the men she can admire to Democratic
candidates for president.
		-- John Greenway, "The American Tradition", on feminist
		   Elizabeth Gould Davis


Canonical, adj.:
	The usual or standard state or manner of something.  A true story:
One Bob Sjoberg, new at the MIT AI Lab, expressed some annoyance at the use
of jargon.  Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as
much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in.
Finally, in one conversation, he used the word "canonical" in jargon-like
fashion without thinking.
	Steele: "Aha!  We've finally got you talking jargon too!"
	Stallman: "What did he say?"
	Steele: "He just used `canonical' in the canonical way."


Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio, replied: "You see, wire
telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.  You pull his tail in New
York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.  Do you understand this?
And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they
receive them there.  The only difference is that there is no cat."


'Twas midnight, and the UNIX hacks
Did gyre and gimble in their cave
All mimsy was the CS-VAX
And Cory raths outgrabe.

"Beware the software rot, my son!
The faults that bite, the jobs that thrash!
Beware the broken pipe, and shun
The frumious system crash!"


All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.


I might have gone to West Point, but I was too proud to speak to a
congressman.
		-- Will Rogers


Always think of something new; this
helps you forget your last rotten idea.
		-- Seth Frankel


Interesting poll results reported in today's New York Post: people on the
street in midtown Manhattan were asked whether they approved of the US
invasion of Grenada.  Fifty-three percent said yes; 39 percent said no;
and 8 percent said "Gimme a quarter?"
		-- David Letterman


The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife.


The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory,
in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system.

	But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay:
	for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.

		-- Matthew 5:37


I loathe people who keep dogs.  They are cowards who haven't got the guts
to bite people themselves.
		-- August Strindberg


Absence is to love what wind is to fire.  It extinguishes the small,
it enkindles the great.


MONOTONY:
	Marriage to one woman at a time.


Old Mother Hubbard lived in a shoe,
She had so many children,
She didn't know what to do.
So she moved to Atlanta.


Two heads are better than one.
		-- John Heywood


War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.


I had to hit him -- he was starting to make sense.


	A man walks into a bar and orders 3 shots and 3 beers.  The
bartender, seeing that the man is distraught, asks what the problem is.
	"I just found out that my brother is gay", he replies.
	About a week later, the same man walks in and orders 6 shots and
6 chasers.  So the bartender inquires, "What's wrong this time?"
	To which the man says, "I just found out that two of my brothers
are lovers."
	Another week goes by and the man comes back to the bar and orders
NINE shots and NINE beers.  The bartenders says "Damn, boy, doesn't anyone
in your family like pussy?"
	"Yeah.  Me and my sister."


Honi soit la vache qui rit.


Warning: Trespassers will be shot.
Survivors will be shot again.


Fortune's nomination for All-Time Champion and Protector of Youthful Morals
goes to Representative Clare E. Hoffman of Michigan.  During an impassioned
House debate over a proposed bill to "expand oyster and clam research," a
sharp-eared informant transcribed the following exchange between our hero
and Rep. John D. Dingell, also of Michigan.

Dingell: "There are places in the world at the present time where we are
	  having to artificially propagate oysters and clams."
Hoffman: "You mean the oysters I buy are not nature's oysters?"
Dingell: "They may or may not be natural.  The simple fact of the matter is
	  that female oysters through their living habits cast out large
	  amounts of seed and the male oysters cast out large amounts of
	  fertilization."
Hoffman: "Wait a minute!  I do not want to go into that.  There are many
	  teenagers who read The Congressional Record."


There are no games on this system.


IBM: It may be slow, but it's hard to use.


What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
		-- Raymond Aron, "The Opium of the Intellectuals"


Mr. Rockford; Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses.  We got your
renewal before the extended deadline but not your check.  I'm sorry but
at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator.


Lake Erie died for your sins.


It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is.
If you don't, it's its.  Then too, it's hers.  It isn't her's.  It isn't
our's either.  It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
		-- Oxford University Press, "Edpress News"


All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.


In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery


...relaxed in the manner of a man who
has no need to put up a front of any kind.
		-- John Ball, "Mark One: the Dummy"


Fortune's nomination for All-Time Champion and Protector of Youthful Morals
goes to Representative Clare E. Hoffman of Michigan.  During an impassioned
House debate over a proposed bill to "expand oyster and clam research," a
sharp-eared informant transcribed the following exchange between our hero
and Rep. John D. Dingell, also of Michigan.

Dingell: "There are places in the world at the present time where we are
	  having to artificially propagate oysters and clams."
Hoffman: "You mean the oysters I buy are not nature's oysters?"
Dingell: "They may or may not be natural.  The simple fact of the matter is
	  that female oysters through their living habits cast out large
	  amounts of seed and the male oysters cast out large amounts of
	  fertilization."
Hoffman: "Wait a minute!  I do not want to go into that.  There are many
	  teenagers who read The Congressional Record."


Computers are not intelligent.  They only think they are.


Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have
forgotten your aim.
		-- George Santayana


Democracy is also a form of worship.
It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
		-- H. L. Mencken


APPENDIX:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.


The street preacher looked so baffled
When I asked him why he dressed
With forty pounds of headlines
Stapled to his chest.
But he cursed me when I proved to him
I said, "Not even you can hide.
You see, you're just like me.
I hope you're satisfied."
		-- Bob Dylan


For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
		-- Harlan Ellison


