Let's organize this thing and take all the fun out of it.


If you are smart enough to know that you're not
smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.


The Law of the Perversity of Nature:
	You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.


Buffy:	Am I repulsive?  If there was something repulsive about me, you'd
	tell me right?
Willow:	I'm your friend.  I would call you repulsive in a second.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Harsh Light of Day"
		   Season 1, Episode 3


FORTRAN, "the infantile disorder", by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly
inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is
too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
	The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
	to... to... uh.....


White's Statement:
	Don't lose heart!

Owen's Commentary on White's Statement:
	...they might want to cut it out...

Byrd's Addition to Owen's Commentary:
	...and they want to avoid a lengthy search.


The three sexual positions during pregnancy.

During the first four months:	Missionary style
During the second four months:	Doggie style
And during the last month:	Coyote style

Coyote style?
	You sit by the hole and howl.


GARTER:
	An elastic band intended to keep a woman
	from coming out of her stockings and desolating the country.


E = MC ** 2 +- 3db


You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.


People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people
have been left out on the pleasure.
		-- Russell Baker


Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


PROMOTION:
	New title, new salary, new office, same old crap.


He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is.


Under capitalism, man exploits man.  Under Communism, it's just the
opposite.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Keep the phase, baby.


Sodomy, fellatio, cunnilingus, pederasty,
Father, why do these words sound so nasty?
		-- Hair


LIGHTHOUSE:
	A tall building on the seashore in which the government
	maintains a lamp and the friend of a politician.


Shit happens.


Do you mean that you not only want a wrong
answer, but a certain wrong answer?
		-- Tobaben


It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.


A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic.
		-- Joseph Stalin


Jews always know two things: suffering and where to find great Chinese food.
		-- From the movie "My Favorite Year"


Good salesmen and good repairmen will never go hungry.
		-- R. E. Schenk


$3,000,000


Phosflink, v.:
	To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow,
	that will bring it back to life).
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


The young man-about-town enjoyed luxury but didn't always have the means
to buy it, and so he huffily walked out of the Miami Beach hotel when he
found out the charges for room, meals and golf privileges were $300 a day.
He registered across the street at an equally elegant hotel, where the
rates were only $70.  The following morning he went down to the hotel's
golf course and asked Scotty, the pro, to sell him a couple of golf balls.
"Sure," said Scotty.  "That'll be $25 apiece."
	"What?" screamed the bachelor.  "In the hotel across the street
they only charge $1 a ball!"
	"Naturally," replied the pro.  "Over there they get you by the
rooms."


Snow White has become a camera buff.  She spends hours and hours
shooting pictures of the seven dwarfs and their antics.  Then she
mails the exposed film to a cut rate photo service.  It takes weeks
for the developed film to arrive in the mail, but that is all right
with Snow White.  She clears the table, washes the dishes and sweeps
the floor, all the while singing "Someday my prints will come."


There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy to make low income
parents' lives a misery.  ...  I want you to picture the trusting face of a
child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.  I want you to
picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one
Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
		-- Filthy Rich and Catflap


Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.


Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.


I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
		-- Schulz


Men say of women what pleases them; women do with men what pleases them.
		-- DeSegur


One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least
somebody's listening.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


Extract from Official Sweepstakes Rules:

		NO PURCHASE REQUIRED TO CLAIM YOUR PRIZE

To claim your prize without purchase, do the following: (a) Carefully
cut out your computer-printed name and address from upper right hand
corner of the Prize Claim Form. (b) Affix computer-printed name and
address -- with glue or cellophane tape (no staples or paper clips) --
to a 3x5 inch index card.  (c) Also cut out the "No" paragraph (lower
left hand corner of Prize Claim Form) and affix it to the 3x5 card
below your address label. (d) Then print on your 3x5 card, above your
computer-printed name and address the words "CARTER & VAN PEEL
SWEEPSTAKES" (Use all capital letters.)  (e) Finally place 3x5 card
(without bending) into a plain envelope [NOTE: do NOT use the
Official Prize Claim and CVP Perfume Reply Envelope or you may be
disqualified], and mail to: CVP, Box 1320, Westbury, NY 11595.  Print
this address correctly.  Comply with above instructions carefully and
completely or you may be disqualified from receiving your prize.


A woman who is unfaithful deserves to be shot.
		-- Pancho Villa


Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
		-- Mark Twain
		   "Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court"


Kill a commie for Christ!


Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
		-- Miyamoto Musashi, 1645


A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away.
A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.


FreeBSD: It's 3am at night.  Do you know where your fairings are?


... the Mayo Clinic, named after its founder, Dr. Ted Clinic ...
		-- Dave Barry


	A reader reports that when the patient died, the attending doctor
recorded the following on the patient's chart:  "Patient failed to fulfill
his wellness potential."

	Another doctor reports that in a recent issue of the *American Journal
of Family Practice* fleas were called "hematophagous arthropod vectors."

	A reader reports that the Army calls them "vertically deployed anti-
personnel devices."  You probably call them bombs.

	At McClellan Air Force base in Sacramento, California, civilian
mechanics were placed on "non-duty, non-pay status."  That is, they were fired.

	After taking the trip of a lifetime, our reader sent his twelve rolls
of film to Kodak for developing (or "processing," as Kodak likes to call it)
only to receive the following notice:  "We must report that during the handling
of your twelve 35mm Kodachrome slide orders, the films were involved in an
unusual laboratory experience."  The use of the passive is a particularly nice
touch, don't you think?  Nobody did anything to the films; they just had a bad
experience.  Of course our reader can always go back to Tibet and take his
pictures all over again, using the twelve replacement rolls Kodak so generously
sent him.
		-- Quarterly Review of Doublespeak (NCTE)


Support the American Kidney Foundation.
Don't wear your motorcycle helmet.


	It was the next morning that the armies of Twodor marched east
laden with long lances, sharp swords, and death-dealing hangovers.  The
thousands were led by Arrowroot, who sat limply in his sidesaddle,
nursing a whopper.  Goodgulf, Gimlet, and the rest rode by him, praying
for their fate to be quick, painless, and if possible, someone else's.
	Many an hour the armies forged ahead, the war-merinos bleating
under their heavy burdens and the soldiers bleating under their melting
icepacks.
		-- The Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


1.79 x 10^12 furlongs per fortnight -- it's not just a good idea, it's
the law!


The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.


Live never to be ashamed if anything you do or say is
published around the world -- even if what is published is not true.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


She cried, and the judge wiped her tears with my checkbook.
		-- Tommy Manville


It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain


	Every morning, the crowd on Coney Island beach was startled to see
a jogger with the build of a pro football player but a head the size of a
baseball.  Finally, some brave young man got up the nerve to stop him and
ask, "What happened to give you such a small head?"
	The jogger sadly told the story of finding a magic lamp on the beach,
which produced a beautiful genie when rubbed.  The genie said, "I now give
you one wish.  Do you want a quick fuck or a little head?"


		(to "The Caissons Go Rolling Along")
Scratch the disks, dump the core,	Shut it down, pull the plug
Roll the tapes across the floor,	Give the core an extra tug
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
Teletypes smashed to bits.		Mem'ry cards, one and all,
Give the scopes some nasty hits		Toss out halfway down the hall
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
And we've also found			Just flip one switch
When you turn the power down,		And the lights will cease to twitch
You turn the disk readers into trash.	And the tape drives will crumble
						in a flash.
Oh, it's so much fun,			When the CPU
Now the CPU won't run			Can print nothing out but "foo,"
And the system is going to crash.	The system is going to crash.


I refuse to consign the whole male sex to the nursery.  I insist on
believing that some men are my equals.
		-- Brigid Brophy


Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy
poetry without a certain unsoundness of mind.
		-- Thomas Macaulay


The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet,
challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that
keeps the blood at heat.  Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents
itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb
of innocence.  To yield to its blandishments is so easy.  The wrong, it seems,
is venial...  Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of
adventurous youth.
		-- Benjamin Cardozo


As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.


While farmers generally allow one rooster for ten hens, ten men are
scarcely sufficient to service one woman.
		-- Boccaccio


Awash with unfocused desire, Everett twisted the lobe of his one remaining
ear and felt the presence of somebody else behind him, which caused terror
to push through his nervous system like a flash flood roaring down the
mid-fork of the Feather River before the completion of the Oroville Dam
in 1959.
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.


If he had only learnt a little less, how
infinitely better he might have taught much more!


God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.


Well, see, Joyce, there we were, trapped in the elevator.  Now, I had
my tennis racquet and the goldfish; she was holding the Crisco.  Surely
you can imagine how one thing naturally led to another!


	A young man asked his father to lend him $50 for a blowjob,
whereupon his father solemnly replied, "When I was young we used to
settle for a kiss."
	The son retorted, "OK, how about $50 for a long low kiss?"


Brillineggiava, ed i tovoli slati
	girlavano ghimbanti nella vaba;
i borogovi eran tutti mimanti
	e la moma radeva fuorigraba.

"Figliuolo mio, sta' attento al Gibrovacco,
	dagli artigli e dal morso lacerante;
fuggi l'uccello Giuggiolo, e nel sacco
	metti infine il frumioso Bandifante".
		-- "The Jabberwock"


You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except
incest and folk-dancing.
		-- A. Bax, "Farewell My Youth"


Batteries not included.


For ages, a deadly conflict has been waged between a few brave men and
women of thought and genius upon the one side, and the great ignorant
religious mass on the other. This is the war between Science and Faith.
The few have appealed to reason, to honor, to law, to freedom, to the
known, and to happiness here in this world. The many have appealed to
prejudice, to fear, to miracle, to slavery, to the unknown, and to
misery hereafter. The few have said "Think". The many have said "Believe!"
		-- Robert Ingersoll, "Gods"


Kludge, n.:
	An ill-assorted collection of poorly-matching parts, forming a
	distressing whole.
		-- Jackson Granholm, "Datamation"


... A booming voice says, "Wrong, cretin!", and you notice that you
have turned into a pile of dust.


LOVE:
	When, if asked to choose between your lover
	and happiness, you'd skip happiness in a heartbeat.


" "
		-- Charlie Chaplin

" "
		-- Harpo Marx

" "
		-- Marcel Marceau


Q:	Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto?
A:	He found out what "kemosabe" really means.


The last time somebody said, "I find I can write much better with a word
processor.", I replied, "They used to say the same thing about drugs."
		-- Roy Blount, Jr.


The best definition of a gentleman is a man who can play the accordion --
but doesn't.
		-- Tom Crichton


A mind is a wonderful thing to waste.


Finagle's Creed:
	Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.


The Following Subsume All Physical and Human Laws:

	1. You can't push on a string.
	2. Ain't no free lunches.
	3. Them as has, gets.
	4. You can't win them all, but you sure as hell can lose them all.


There is nothing wrong with writing ... as long as it
is done in private and you wash your hands afterward.


Pie are not square.  Pie are round.  Cornbread are square.


The unfacts, did we have them, are too
imprecisely few to warrant out certitude.


Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


3M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art
and display work.  This product is called "Craft Mount".  3M suggests
that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond "while the
adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky."  I did not know what "aggressively
tacky" meant until I read today's fortune.

		[And who said we didn't offer equal time, huh? Ed.]


Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope


You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.


It was almost closing time when a male patron who had been getting the
frosty treatment from a girl at the end of the bar called to the
bartender and said, "Give that bitchy douche bag over there one on me."
	"We discourage that sort of language here, sir," the bartender
answered sternly.
	"OK, OK. Serve the lady a cocktail with my compliments."
	The bartender approached the female in question.  "The, uh, gentleman
at the other end of the bar would like to buy you a drink, miss.  What would
you like?"
	"Vinegar and water."


Liberals are the first to dump you if you con them or get into
trouble.  Conservatives are better.  They never run out on you.
		-- Joseph "Crazy Joe" Gallo


It's not just a computer -- it's your ass.
		-- Cal Keegan


Silence can be the biggest lie of all.  We have a responsibility to speak
up; and whenever the occasion calls for it, we have a responsibility to
raise bloody hell.
		-- Herbert Block


The Great Movie Posters:

They hungered for her treasure!  And died for her pleasure!
SEE Man-Fish Battle Shark-Man-Killer!
		-- The Golden Mistress (1954)

See Jane Russell in 3-D; She'll Knock Both Your Eyes Out!
		-- The French Line (1954)

See Jane Russell Shake Her Tambourines... and Drive Cornel WILDE!
		-- Hot Blood (1956)


Returning from the men's room, a bar customer was sadly, shaking his head.
	"What's the matter, buddy?", inquired the bartender.
	"Well," replied the customer, "while I was in the men's room, I saw
someone had scribbled `Wendy gives really fabulous head; absolutely the best
blow job in the world!' on the wall."
	"Ahh, hell," said the bartender.  "Don't give it a second thought,
we get jerks in here like anywhere else."
	"I know," snarled the headshaker. "One of them scratched out the
phone number!"


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #12 -- LITHP

	This otherwise unremarkable language, originally developed in San
Francisco, is distinguished by the absence of an "S" in its character set;
users must substitute "TH".  LITHP is thaid to be utheful in protheththing
lithtth.


Said a lecherous fellow named Shea,
When his prick wouldn't rise for a lay,
	"You must seize it, and squeeze it,
	And tease it, and please it,
For Rome wasn't built in a day."


My father was a saint, I'm not.
		-- Indira Gandhi


If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical,
go crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I get as crude as possible.  These
days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire
to crudeness...
		-- Johnny Mnemonic


I know why the sun never sets on the British Empire -- God wouldn't trust
an Englishman in the dark.
		-- Duncan Spaeth


Batteries not included.


One seldom sees a monument to a committee.


Confusion, n.:
	Father's Day in San Francisco.


Just because he's dead is no reason to lay off work.


I was part of that strange race of people aptly described as spending
their lives doing things they detest to make money they don't want to
buy things they don't need to impress people they dislike.
		-- Emile Henry Gauvreay


Hear that...
	the Masters and Johnson clinic may well be the only organization
	in the world from which a man resigns when he becomes a member
	in good standing?


The primary theme of SoupCon is communication.  The acronym "LEO"
represents the secondary theme:

	Law Enforcement Officials

The overall theme of SoupCon shall be:

	Avoiding Communication with Law Enforcement Officials
		-- M. Gallaher


Do you have lysdexia?


Worrying is like rocking in a rocking chair--
It gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere.


Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.


Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
		-- Francis Bacon


In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
		-- Mark Twain


'Scuse me, while I kiss the sky!
		-- Robert James Marshall (Jimi) Hendrix


Did you know the University of Iowa
closed down after someone stole the book?


Leveraging always beats prototyping.


Mystics always hope that science will some day overtake them.
		-- Booth Tarkington


	What is involved in such [close] relationships is a form of emotional
chemistry, so far unexplained by any school of psychiatry I am aware of, that
conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and
repulsion.  You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and
they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor
passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.  Conversely,
all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice
and they remain permanent influences on your life.
	Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen
as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.  The chemical action it entails is
less worth analyzing than enjoying.  At any rate, these six pieces are about
men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's
more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word "empathy".
		-- Alistair Cooke, "Six Men"


GEMINI (May 21 to Jun. 20)
	Good news and bad news highlighted.  Enjoy the good news while you
	can; the bad news will make you forget it.  You will enjoy praise
	and respect from those around you; everybody loves a sucker.  A short
	trip is in the stars, possibly to the men's room.


