FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#15

Sex:
	Women prefer 30-40 minutes of foreplay.  Men prefer 30-40 seconds of
foreplay.  Men consider driving back to her place as part of the foreplay.

Maturity:
	Women mature much faster than men.  Most 17-year-old females can
function as adults.  Most 17-year-old males are still trading baseball cards
and giving each other wedgies after gym class.  This is why high school
romances rarely work out.

Handwriting:
	To their credit, men do not decorate their penmanship.  They just
chicken-scratch.  Women use scented, colored stationary and they dot their
"i's" with circles and hearts.  Women use ridiculously large loops in their
"p's" and "g's".  It is a royal pain to read a note from a woman.  Even
when she's dumping you, she'll put a smiley face at the end of the note.


The Great Movie Posters:

She's got the biggest six-shooters in the West!
		-- The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend (1949)

CAST OF 3,000!
4 WRITERS,
2 DIRECTORS,
3 CAMERAMEN,
3 PRODUCERS!
1 YEAR TO MAKE THIS FILM --
24 YEARS TO REHEARSE --
20 YEARS TO DISTRIBUTE!
	BEAUTIFUL BEYOND WORDS!
	AWE-INSPIRING! VITAL!
THE PRINCE OF PEACE PROVIDES THE ANSWER TO EVERY PROBLEM!
Be Brave-bring your troubles and your family to:
	HISTORY'S MOST SUBLIME EVENT! YOU'LL FIND GOD RIGHT IN THERE!
		-- The Prince of Peace (1948).  Starring members of the
		   Wichita Mountain Pageant featuring Millard Coody as Jesus.


It's no use crying over spilt milk -- it only makes it salty for the cat.


You would if you could but you can't so you won't.


I base my fashion taste on what doesn't itch.
		-- Gilda Radner


The police were investigating the mysterious death of a prominent businessman
who had jumped from a window of his 11th story office.  His voluptuous private
secretary could offer no explanation for the action but said that her boss had
been acting peculiarly ever since she started working for him a month ago.
	"After my very first week on the job," she said, "I received a
twenty-dollar raise.  At the end of the second week he called me into his
private office, gave me a lovely black nightie, five pairs of nylon stockings
and said, 'These are for a beautiful, efficient secretary.'  At the end of the
third week he gave me a gorgeous mink stole.  Then, this afternoon, he called me
into his private office again, presented me with this fabulous diamond bracelet
and asked me if I would consider making love to him and what it would cost.
I told him I would, and because he had been so nice to me, he could have it
for five dollars, although I was charging all the other boys in the office ten
dollars.  That's when he jumped out the window."


			-- Gifts for Children --

This is easy.  You never have to figure out what to get for children,
because they will tell you exactly what they want.  They spend months
and months researching these kinds of things by watching Saturday-
morning cartoon-show advertisements.  Make sure you get your children
exactly what they ask for, even if you disapprove of their choices.  If
your child thinks he wants Murderous Bob, the Doll with the Face You
Can Rip Right Off, you'd better get it.  You may be worried that it
might help to encourage your child's antisocial tendencies, but believe
me, you have not seen antisocial tendencies until you've seen a child
who is convinced that he or she did not get the right gift.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


Psychology.  Mind over matter.
Mind under matter?  It doesn't matter.
Never mind.


