fortune: not found


Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?  Is it something I said?
		-- Tom Ryan


You've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks.
		-- Gary Giddens


Speak roughly to your little VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
It knows that one cannot relax
	Because the paging thrashes!

		Wow!  Wow!  Wow!

I speak severely to my VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
In spite of all my favorite hacks
	My jobs it always thrashes!

		Wow!  Wow!  Wow!


What is the sound of one hand clapping?


We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last
theorem.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


Be cautious in your daily affairs.


Simulated fortune:

	The head and in frontal attack on an english writer that the
	character of this point is therefore another method for the
	letters that the time of who ever told the problem for an
	unexpected.

		-- by Claude E. Shannon


I smell a wumpus.


Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
		-- Edouard Le Berquier, "Pensees des Autres"


No use getting too involved in life --
you're only here for a limited time.


The trouble with you
Is the trouble with me.
Got two good eyes
But we still don't see.
		-- Robert Hunter, "Workingman's Dead"


Machines have less problems.  I'd like to be a machine.
		-- Andy Warhol


Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.


A major, with wonderful force,
Called out in Hyde Park for a horse.
	All the flowers looked round,
	But no horse could be found;
So he just rhododendron, of course.


To use violence is to already be defeated.
		-- Chinese proverb


You plan things that you do not even
attempt because of your extreme caution.


Hark, Hark, the dogs do bark
The Duke is fond of kittens
He likes to take their insides out
And use them for his mittens
		-- "The 13 Clocks"


Sometimes I live in the country,
And sometimes I live in town.
And sometimes I have a great notion,
To jump in the river and drown.


If you're a real good kid, I'll give you a piggy-back ride on a
buzz-saw.
		-- W. C. Fields


There is no security on this earth.  There is only opportunity.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur


A snake lurks in the grass.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


Put no trust in cryptic comments.


Sex is better than grass, if you have the right pusher.


I tell ya, gambling never agreed with me.  Last week I went to the track
and they shot my horse with the opening gun.

Well, just last week I was at a Chinese restaurant and when I opened my
fortune cookie I found the guy's check sitting at the next table.  I said,
"Hey, buddy, I got your check", he said, "Thanks."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


The trouble with opportunity is that it
always comes disguised as hard work.
		-- Herbert V. Prochnow


Revenge is sleeping with your enemy's wife.
Sweet revenge is the realization that she's a lousy lay.


Dear Miss Manners:
Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.

Gentle Reader:
Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face.
If the gentleman sprayed you inadvertently to accompany enthusiastic
discourse, you may step back two paces, bring out your handkerchief,
and go through the motions of wiping your nose, while trailing the cloth
along your face to pick up whatever needs mopping along the route.  If,
however, the substance was acquired as a result of enthusiasm of a more
intimate nature, you may delicately retrieve it with a flick of your
pink tongue.


He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.


If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and
over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"


Had I been present at the creation, I would have given some
useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
		-- Alfonso the Wise

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to operating system initialization.]


	A Mexican and a Texan worked together for a construction firm, and,
while they were good friends, they had a friendly rivalry over whose wife
was the better cook.  One weekend, as the Texan's wife was out of town, the
Mexican invited the Texan to have supper with his family.
	The Texan accepted, and that evening sat down to some the best stew
that he had ever eaten.
	"Damn!  That stew is fantastic!" he exclaimed to his host.  "What
kind of meat is it?"
	"Rabbeet stew," replied the Mexican.
	"Rabbit?" replied the Texan. "There aren't any rabbits around here."
	"Si, my freend, the rabbeets make the beeg noise, and I shoot theem."
	"Rabbits don't make any noise..."
	"Si, my freend, they say meeyow, meeyow!"


Speed is subsittute fo accurancy.


Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be
liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person shall
be deemed to be a cat.
		-- Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London


What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?
In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


He who enters his wife's dressing room is a philosopher or a fool.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82


Ummm, well, OK.  The network's the network, the computer's the computer.
Sorry for the confusion.
		-- Sun Microsystems


Being stoned on marijuana isn't very different from being stoned on
gin.
		-- Ralph Nader


"These are DARK TIMES for all mankind's HIGHEST VALUES!"
"These are DARK TIMES for FREEDOM and PROSPERITY!"
"These are GREAT TIMES to put your money on BAD GUY to kick the CRAP
out of MEGATON MAN!"


It's easy to make a friend.  What's hard is to make a stranger.


There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy to make low income
parents' lives a misery.  ...  I want you to picture the trusting face of a
child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.  I want you to
picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one
Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
		-- Filthy Rich and Catflap


I don't believe in astrology.  But then I'm an Aquarius, and Aquarians
don't believe in astrology.
		-- James R. F. Quirk


A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.


Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.


					MOUNTIES:
I'm a lumberjack and I'm OK,		He's a lumberjack and he's OK,
I sleep all night and I work all day.	He sleeps all night and he works
					all day.

I cut down trees, I eat my lunch,	He cuts down trees, he eats his lunch,
I go to the lavatory.			He goes to the lavatory.
On Wednesday I go shopping,		On Wednesday he goes shopping,
And have buttered scones for tea.	And has buttered scones for tea.

I cut down trees, I skip and jump,	He cuts down trees, he skips and jumps,
I like to press wild flowers,		He likes to press wild flowers.
I put on women's clothing,		He puts on women's clothing,
And hang around in bars.		And hangs around in bars.

I cut down trees, I wear high heels,	He cuts down trees, he wears high heels,
Suspenders and a bra.			Suspenders?  and a bra?
I wish I'd been a girlie,		That's rude...
Just like my dear Pappa.


Q:	How many right-to-lifers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the
	screwing began.


No one becomes depraved in a moment.
		-- Decimus Junius Juvenalis


There's no justice in this world.
		-- Frank Costello, on the prosecution of "Lucky" Luciano
		   by New York district attorney Thomas Dewey after
		   Luciano had saved Dewey from assassination by Dutch
		   Schultz (by ordering the assassination of Schultz
		   instead)


Sacher's Observation:
	Some people grow with responsibility -- others merely swell.


Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.


France is a country where the money falls apart and you can't tear
the toilet paper.
		-- Billy Wilder


If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


John Paul II is famous for his touring, and his quaint habit of pressing
his lips to foreign soil on his arrival.  This sparked some wit to remark:
	"The Pope has it backwards: he kisses the ground, and walks on
the women!"


Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
		-- Frank Tyger


		     JACK AND THE BEANSTACK
			  by Mark Isaak

	Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL
character named Jack.  Jack and his relations were poor.  Often their
hash table was bare.  One day Jack's parent said to him, "Our matrices
are sparse.  You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some
BASICs."  She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it
to him.
	So Jack set out.  But as he was walking along a Hamilton path,
he met the traveling salesman.
	"Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?" prompted the salesman
in high-level language.
	"I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips
and Apples," commented Jack.
	"I have a much better algorithm.  You needn't join a queue
there; I will swap your RAM for these magic kernels now."
	Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.  But when
he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she
started thrashing.
	"Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?  All these
kernels together hardly make up one byte," and she popped them out the
window ...


The more we disagree, the more chance
there is that at least one of us is right.


Professor Gorden Newell threw another shutout in last week's Chem Eng. 130
midterm.  Once again a student did not receive a single point on his exam.
Newell has now tossed 5 shutouts this quarter.  Newell's earned exam average
has now dropped to a phenomenal 30%.


Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?


A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated.  But an authentic soothsayer
should be shot on sight.  Cassandra did not get half the kicking around
she deserved.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more
doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of
a new system.  For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit
by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders
in those who would gain by the new ones.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, 1513


An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize
the president but is always polite to traffic cops.


I'm not against women.  Not often enough, anyway.
		-- NPR


QOTD:
	"Wouldn't it be wonderful if real life supported control-Z?"


/* Haley */

	(Haley's comment.)


This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.


When childhood dies, its corpses are called adults.
		-- Brian Aldiss


Q:	How can you tell when a WASP is sexually aroused?
A:	By the stiff upper lip.


The difference between like and love is the
same as the difference between a spit and a swallow.


Cruickshank's Law of Committees:
	If a committee is allowed to discuss a bad idea long enough, it
	will inevitably decide to implement the idea simply because so
	much work has already been done on it.


Q:	How can you tell when your girlfriend has had an orgasm?
A:	Who cares?


Your wise men don't know how it feels
To be thick as a brick.
		-- Jethro Tull, "Thick As A Brick"


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dropping in for a cold one.


Burbulation, v.:
	The obsessive act of opening and closing a refrigerator door in
	an attempt to catch it before the automatic light comes on.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


3M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art
and display work.  This product is called "Craft Mount".  3M suggests
that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond "while the
adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky."  I did not know what "aggressively
tacky" meant until I read today's fortune.

		[And who said we didn't offer equal time, huh? Ed.]


Using [Windows] for any sort of serious work is like playing an old
text-based adventure game.  You're five feet from making it to your
goal, when bup-POW! a ten ton rock falls on your head.  Because you
didn't disarm the trap three hours before.  [...]

I always hated those adventure games.
		-- David Gerard


The difference between a misfortune and a calamity?  If Gladstone fell into
the Thames, it would be a misfortune.  But if someone dragged him out again,
it would be a calamity.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


This is Maria, Liberty Bail Bonds.  Your client, Todd Lieman, skipped and
his bail is forfeit.  That's the pink slip on your '74 Firebird, I believe.
Sorry, Jim, bring it on over.


Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.


when i die, i'd like to go peacefully.
in my sleep.
like my grandfather.

not screaming,
like the passengers in his car...


A vasectomy means never having to say you're sorry.


Life -- Love It or Leave It.


Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if
each acts like a vulture, all will end as doves.


Fats Loves Madelyn.


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.


	Churchill was known to drain a glass or two and, after one
particularly convivial evening, he chanced to encounter Miss Bessie Braddock,
a Socialist member of the House of Commons, who, upon seeing his condition,
said, "Winston, you're drunk."  Mustering all his dignity, Churchill drew
himself up to his full height, cocked an eyebrow and rejoined, "Shove it up
your ass, you ugly cunt."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


When the prick stands up, the brains get buried in the ground.
		-- Old Jewish saying

[How come there aren't ever any "New Jewish sayings?"  Ed.]


The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that
every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Q:	What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer?
A:	A Doberman.


If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
		-- Bob Hope


Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human.  At best he
is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe and not
make messes in the house.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"


Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.


Disbar, n.:
	As distinguished from some other bar.


Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?


We are going to give a little something, a few little years more, to
socialism, because socialism is defunct.  It dies all by itself.  The bad
thing is that socialism, being a victim of its ... Did I say socialism?
		-- Fidel Castro


This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible.
This was terrible with raisins in it.
		-- Dorothy Parker


A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.


A pipe gives a wise man time to think
and a fool something to stick in his mouth.


Xander:	Let me tell you something.  When it's dark, and I'm all alone,
	and I'm scared, or freaked out, or whatever.  I always think,
	"What would Buffy do?" You're my hero.  Ok, sometimes when it's
	dark and I'm all alone I think, "What is Buffy wearing?"
Buffy:	Can that be one of those things that you never ever tell me about?
Xander:	It's a deal.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Freshman"
		   Season 1, Episode 1


A proper wife should be as obedient as a slave... The female is a female
by virtue of a certain lack of qualities -- a natural defectiveness.
		-- Aristotle


Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?
It is because we are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain


Everybody needs a little love sometime;
stop hacking and fall in love!


Documentation is the castor oil of programming.  Managers know it must
be good because the programmers hate it so much.


	Lassie looked brilliant, in part because the farm family she
lived with was made up of idiots.  Remember?  One of them was always
getting pinned under the tractor, and Lassie was always rushing back to
the farmhouse to alert the other ones.  She'd whimper and tug at their
sleeves, and they'd always waste precious minutes saying things: "Do
you think something's wrong?  Do you think she wants us to follow her?
What is it, girl?", etc., as if this had never happened before, instead
of every week.  What with all the time these people spent pinned under
the tractor, I don't see how they managed to grow any crops whatsoever.
They probably got by on federal crop supports, which Lassie filed the
applications for.
		-- Dave Barry


Test-tube babies shouldn't throw stones.


A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.


Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard
To fetch her poor daughter a dress.
When she got there, the cupboard was bare
And so was her daughter, I guess...


		William Safire's Rules for Writers:

Remember to never split an infinitive.  The passive voice should never
be used.  Do not put statements in the negative form.  Verbs has to
agree with their subjects.  Proofread carefully to see if you words
out.  If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal
of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.  A writer must
not shift your point of view.  And don't start a sentence with a
conjunction.  (Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a
sentence with.)  Don't overuse exclamation marks!!  Place pronouns as
close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more
words, to their antecedents.  Writing carefully, dangling participles
must be avoided.  If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a
linking verb is.  Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing
metaphors.  Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.  Everyone should
be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their
writing.  Always pick on the correct idiom.  The adverb always follows
the verb.  Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek
viable alternatives.


When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
		-- Gen. C. Abrams


Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.


The purpose of Physics 7A is to make the engineers realize that they're
not perfect, and to make the rest of the people realize that they're not
engineers.


Never give an inch!


Life is a grand adventure -- or it is nothing.
		-- Helen Keller


An authority is a person who can tell you more about something than you
really care to know.


Sometimes guys'll say to you, "Have a good one."  I say, "I already have
a good one.  Now I'm looking for a longer one."
		-- George Carlin


... proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
		-- David Baker, paraphrasing Harold Urey, in
		   "The History of Manned Space Flight"


Maier's Law:
	If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
		-- N. R. Maier, "American Psychologist", March 1960

Corollaries:
	1.  The bigger the theory, the better.
	2.  The experiment may be considered a success if no more than
	    50% of the observed measurements must be discarded to
	    obtain a correspondence with the theory.


In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence ...
in time every post tends to be occupied by an employee who is incompetent
to carry out its duties ... Work is accomplished by those employees who
have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "The Peter Principle"


African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camellia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiability, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lily:			Purity, sweetness
Lily of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


Depart not from the path which fate has assigned you.


Really??  What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!


A shy young man, preparing himself for what he hoped would be the ultimate sex
act with a pretty young lady, went into a drugstore to inquire about sizes and
styles of condoms.  The lusty proprietress, a buxom widow, saw an opportunity
for fun at the lad's expense.
	"Come in the back and try some on for size," she said, taking his hand.
The widow unzipped the youth's fly and watched the small instrument grow in
her hand as she measured it.  When the weapon had unfurled to a rosy seven and
a half inches, the young man, unable to contain himself, had an orgasm with a
tremendous discharge.  After recovering, he asked the widow if she could now
give him the proper size.
	"I'll do more than that," she said.  "I'll give you free meals and a
half interest in the store."


	In the morning, laughing, happy fish heads
	In the evening, floating in the soup.
(chorus):
Fish heads, fish heads, roly-poly fish heads;
Fish heads, fish heads, eat them up. Yum!
	You can ask them anything you want to.
	They won't answer; they can't talk.
(chorus):
	I took a fish head out to see a movie,
	Didn't have to pay to get it in.
(chorus):
	They can't play baseball; they don't wear sweaters;
	They aren't good dancers; they can't play drums.
(chorus):
	Roly-poly fish heads are NEVER seen drinking cappucino in
	Italian restaurants with Oriental women.
(chorus):
	Fishy!
(chorus):
		-- Fish Heads


U:	There's a U -- a Unicorn!
	Run right up and rub its horn.
	Look at all those points you're losing!
	UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


Among all savage beasts, none is found so harmful as woman.
		-- St. John Chrysostom (304-407)


Avoid reality at all costs.


I thought YOU silenced the guard!


You should be a hemorrhoid, you're such a pain in the ass.


You know you're in trouble when...
1)	You wake up face down on the pavement.
2)	Your wife wakes up feeling amorous and you have a headache.
3)	You turn on the news and they're showing emergency routes
		out of the city.
4)	Your twin sister forgot your birthday.
5)	You wake up and discover your waterbed broke and then
		remember that you don't have a waterbed.
6)	Your doctor tells you you're allergic to chocolate.


	"I quite agree with you," said the Duchess; "and the moral of
that is -- `Be what you would seem to be' -- or, if you'd like it put
more simply -- `Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it
might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be
otherwise.'"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


The most important thing in a relationship between a man and a woman
is that one of them be good at taking orders.
		-- Linda Festa


Pause for storage relocation.


Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto half not be.
But half the bee has got to be, vis-a-vis its entity.  See?
But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee,
When half the bee is not a bee, due to some ancient injury?


Elwood:  What kind of music do you get here ma'am?
Barmaid: Why, we get both kinds of music, Country and Western.


The first rule of magic is simple.  Don't waste your time waving your
hands and hoping when a rock or a club will do.
		-- McCloctnik the Lucid


I'm prepared for all emergencies but
totally unprepared for everyday life.


Rudd's Discovery:
	You know that any senator or congressman could go home and make
	$300,000 to $400,000, but they don't.  Why?  Because they can
	stay in Washington and make it there.


Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.  Run
with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.  Keep
the company of bums and you will become a bum.  Hang around with rich people
and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
		-- Stanley Walker


November, n.:
	The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


That's where the money was.
		-- Willie Sutton, on being asked why he robbed a bank

It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
		-- Willie Sutton


The Great Movie Posters:

POWERFUL! SHOCKING! RAW! ROUGH! CHALLENGING! SEE A LITTLE GIRL MOLESTED!
		-- Never Take Candy from a Stranger (1963)

She Sins in Mobile --
Marries in Houston --
Loses Her Baby in Dallas --
Leaves Her Husband in Tucson --
MEETS HARRU IN SAN DIEGO!...
FIRST -- HARLOW!
THEN -- MONROE!
NOW -- McCLANAHAN!!!
		-- The Rotten Apple (1963), Rue McClanahan

*NOT FOR SISSIES! DON'T COME IF YOU'RE CHICKEN!
A Horrifying Movie of Weird Beauties and Shocking Monsters...
1001 WEIRDEST SCENES EVER!!  MOST SHOCKING THRILLER OF THE CENTURY!
		-- Teenage Psycho meets Bloody Mary (1964)  (Alternate Title:
		   The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and
		   Became Mixed Up Zombies)


He wasn't much of an actor, he wasn't much of a Governor -- Hell, they
_H_A_D to make him President of the United States.  It's the only job he's
qualified for!
		-- Michael Cain


Il y avait un jeune homme de dijon,
Qui n'avait que peu de religion.
	Il dit:"quant a' moi,
	Je deteste tous les trois,
Le pere, et le fils, et le pigeon-"


Anxious after the delay, Gruber doesn't waste any time getting the Koenig
[a modified Porsche] up to speed, and almost immediately we are blowing off
Alfas, Fiats, and Lancias full of excited Italians.  These people love fast
cars.  But they love sport too and no passing encounter goes unchallenged.
Nothing serious, just two wheels into your lane as you're bearing down on
them at 130-plus -- to see if you're paying attention.
		-- Road & Track article about driving two absurdly fast
		   cars across Europe.


Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promptly
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all lightbulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.


You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


The Bible says that woman was the last thing God made.
Evidently He made her on Saturday night.  She reveals his fatigue.
		-- Dumas


	Joan, the rather well-proportioned secretary, spent almost all of
her vacation sunbathing on the roof of her hotel.  She wore a bathing suit
the first day, but on the second, she decided that no one could see her
way up there, and she slipped out of it for an overall tan.  She'd hardly
begun when she heard someone running up the stairs; she was lying on her
stomach, so she just pulled a towel over her rear.
	"Excuse me, miss," said the flustered little assistant manager of
the hotel, out of breath from running up the stairs.  "The Hilton doesn't
mind your sunbathing on the roof, but we would very much appreciate your
wearing a bathing suit as you did yesterday."
	"What difference does it make," Joan asked rather calmly.  "No one
can see me up here, and besides, I'm covered with a towel."
	"Not exactly," said the embarrassed little man.  "You're lying on
the dining room skylight."


An old man is lying on his deathbed with all his children, grandchildren and
great-grandchildren gathered around, teary-eyed at the approaching finale of
a deeply loved family member.  The old man is in a light coma, and the doctors
have confirmed that the waiting will be over within the next twenty-four
hours.  Suddenly, the old man opens his eyes whispers: "I must be dreaming
of heaven...  I smell my daughter Lisle's strudel."
	"No, no, grandfather, you are not dreaming", he is reassured.
"Grandmother is baking strudel right now."
	A faint smile crosses the old man's face.  "Go and get me a sliver of
strudel," he says, "she bakes the finest strudel in the world."
	One of the grandchildren is immediately dispatched to honor the old
man's request, and, after what seems a long time, he returns empty-handed.
	"Did you bring me some of Lisle's strudel?", the old man quavers.
	"I'm... I'm very sorry, grandfather, but she says it's for the
funeral."


What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
		-- Wittgenstein


