Marriage is not merely sharing the fettuccine, but sharing the
burden of finding the fettuccine restaurant in the first place.
		-- Calvin Trillin


So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your mother scores more than Wayne Gretzky!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a man from Nantucket!
	Whose cock was so long he could suck it!
		He said with a grin,
		As he wiped off his chin,
	If my ear were a cunt I could fuck it!

So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your sister does squat thrusts on flag poles!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a young man from Boston!
	Who drove around town in an Austin!
		There was room for his ass,
		And a gallon of gas,
	So he hung out his balls and he lost 'em!


Premature ejaculation, n.:
	A spoilspurt.


At about 2500 A.D., humankind discovers a computer problem that *must* be
solved.  The only difficulty is that the problem is NP complete and will
take thousands of years even with the latest optical biologic technology
available.  The best computer scientists sit down to think up some solution.
In great dismay, one of the C.S. people tells her husband about it.  There
is only one solution, he says.  Remember physics 103, Modern Physics, general
relativity and all.  She replies, "What does that have to do with solving
a computer problem?"
	"Remember the twin paradox?"
	After a few minutes, she says, "I could put the computer on a very
fast machine and the computer would have just a few minutes to calculate but
that is the exact opposite of what we want... Of course!  Leave the
computer here, and accelerate the earth!"
	The problem was so important that they did exactly that.  When
the earth came back, they were presented with the answer:

	IEH032 Error in JOB Control Card.


You can get everything in life you want,
if you will help enough other people get what they want.


I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.


I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.


Live from New York ... It's Saturday Night!


I lay my head on the railroad tracks,
Waitin' for the double E.
The railroad don't run no more.
Poor poor pitiful me.			[chorus]
	Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
	These young girls won't let me be,
	Lord have mercy on me!
	Woe is me!

Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood,
Well, I ain't naming names.
But she really worked me over good,
She was just like Jesse James.
She really worked me over good,
She was a credit to her gender.
She put me through some changes, boy,
Sort of like a Waring blender.		[chorus]

I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar,
She asked me if I'd beat her.
She took me back to the Hyatt House,
I don't want to talk about it.		[chorus]
		-- Warren Zevon, "Poor Poor Pitiful Me"


At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find
at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.


Willie in the cauldron fell;		Willie saw some dynamite,
See the grief on mother's brow;		Couldn't understand it quite;
Mother loved her darling well --	Curiosity never pays:
Willie's quite hard-boiled by now.	It rained Willie seven days.

Little Willie with a shout,		William in a nice new sash,
Gouged the baby's eyeballs out;		Fell in the fire and burned to an ash.
Stamped on them to make them pop.	Now, although the room grows chilly,
Mother cried, "Now, William, stop!"	I haven't the heart to poke poor Billy.

William with a thirst for gore,		Little Willie mean as hell,
Nailed the baby to the door.		Threw his sister in the well!
Mother said, with humor quaint:		Said his mother when drawing water,
"Careful, Will, don't mar the paint."	"sure is hard to raise a daughter."
		-- Harry Graham, "Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes", 1899


Spagmumps, n.:
	Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order
	items.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Take an astronaut to launch.


The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
		-- Anaxagoras


Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields
Sold in a market down in New Orleans
Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright
Hear him whip the women, just around midnight

Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should

Drums beating cold English blood runs hot
Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop
House boy knows that he's doing alright
You should a heard him just around midnight.
...
I bet your mama was tent show queen
And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen
I'm no school boy but I know what I like
You should have heard me just around midnight.
		-- Rolling Stones, "Brown Sugar"


Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start
coming in late and lying about it.


Do not try to solve all life's problems at once --
learn to dread each day as it comes.
		-- Donald Kaul


You are destined to become the commandant of the
fighting men of the department of transportation.


			Has your family tried 'em?

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

		 Heavens, they're tasty and expeditious!

	    They're made from whole wheat, to give shy persons
	   the strength to get up and do what needs to be done.

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

	Buy them ready-made in the big blue box with the picture of
	the biscuit on the front, or in the brown bag with the dark
		     stains that indicate freshness.


I remember when legal used to mean lawful, now it means some
kind of loophole.
		-- Leo Kessler


You can't get there from here.


The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.


Your wig steers the gig.
		-- Lord Buckley


Education is the process of casting false pearls before real swine.
		-- Irwin Edman


The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always
so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
		-- Bertrand Russell


It looked like something resembling white marble, which was
probably what it was: something resembling white marble.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Cold, adj.:
	When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own
	pockets.


In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


	The young man took a blind date to the amusement park.  They went
for a ride on the Ferris wheel.  The ride completed, she seemed rather bored.
"What would you like to do next?" he asked.
	"I wanna get weighed," she said.  So he took her over to the weight
guesser.  Next they rode the roller coaster.  After that he bought her some
popcorn and cotton candy, then he asked what else she would like to do.
	"I wanna get weighed," she said, bluntly.
	I really latched onto a square one tonight, thought the boy, and
using the excuse that he had developed a headache, he took the girl home.
The girl's mother was surprised to see her home so early, and asked, "What's
wrong, dear, didn't you have a nice time tonight?"
	"Wousy," said the girl.


In case of fire, yell "FIRE!"


"Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>


I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the
reader.  But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if
I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
		-- Stephen King


Klein bottle for sale -- inquire within.


One of the first things school children in Texas learn is how to
compose a simple declarative sentence without the word "shit" in it.


Real programmers don't write in FORTRAN.  FORTRAN is for pipe stress
freaks and crystallography weenies.  FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who
wear white socks.


Immature poets imitate, mature poets steal.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "Philip Massinger"


When Oxygen Tech played Hydrogen U.
The Game had just begun, when Hydrogen scored two fast points
And Oxygen still had none
Then Oxygen scored a single goal
And thus it did remain, At Hydrogen 2 and Oxygen 1
Called because of rain.


Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	An Abelian grape.


	A master was explaining the nature of the Tao to one of his novices,
"The Tao is embodied in all software -- regardless of how insignificant,"
said the master.
	"Is the Tao in a hand-held calculator?" asked the novice.
	"It is," came the reply.
	"Is the Tao in a video game?" continued the novice.
	"It is even in a video game," said the master.
	"And is the Tao in the DOS for a personal computer?"
	The master coughed and shifted his position slightly.  "The lesson is
over for today," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Ever notice that the women who are against abortion are the ones you
wouldn't want to fuck in the first place?
		-- George Carlin


Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if each acts like a vulture,
all will end as doves.


You can't take damsel here now.


The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10
doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.


Feminists say 60 percent of the country's wealth is in the hands of
women.  They're letting men hold the other 40 percent because their
handbags are full.
		-- Earl Wilson


I went over to my friend, he was eatin' a pickle.
I said "Hi, what's happenin'?"
He said "Nothin'."
Try to sing this song with that kind of enthusiasm;
As if you just squashed a cop.
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "Motorcycle Song"


Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he
just whipped out a quarter?
		-- Steven Wright


Easy come and easy go,
	some call me easy money,
Sometimes life is full of laughs,
	and sometimes it ain't funny
You may think that I'm a fool
	and sometimes that is true,
But I'm goin' to heaven in a flash of fire,
	with or without you.
		-- Hoyt Axton


I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
		-- Butch Cassidy


If you don't do it, you'll never know what
would have happened if you had done it.


You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.


No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that
he will not become a nuisance after three days.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none.
		-- William Shakespeare


A successful [software] tool is one that was used to do something
undreamed of by its author.
		-- S. C. Johnson


It gets late early out there.
		-- Yogi Berra


Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, on qualifiers


Who's scruffy-looking?
		-- Han Solo


When a lot of remedies are suggested for
a disease, that means it can't be cured.
		-- Chekhov, "The Cherry Orchard"


Don't patch bad code -- rewrite it.
		-- Kernighan and Plauger, "The Elements of Programming Style"


The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.  The perfect martini is
a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings
of civilization.
		-- T. K.


You will forget that you ever knew me.


Reisner's Rule of Conceptual Inertia:
	If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.


Objects are lost only because people
look where they are not rather than where they are.


You might like to know that I looked at a detailed map of NT, and I'm
now able to confirm that in all probability Microsoft NT does not
exist.  If it does, it's so small as to be completely insignificant.
		-- Greg Lehey


All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely
than others.
		-- Alan Truscott


Marriage is an institution in which two undertake
to become one, and one undertakes to become nothing.


There is only one way to kill capitalism --
by taxes, taxes, and more taxes.
		-- Karl Marx


	"Never send a MAN to do a WOMAN'S work!"
	"Why do you think I CAME here?"
	"Not for the good of my ego, that was for damn sure."


A woman must be a cute, cuddly, naive little thing -- tender, sweet,
and stupid.
		-- Adolf Hitler


[Prime Minister MacDonald] has the gift of compressing the
largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thought.
		-- Winston Churchill


Linus' Law:
	There is no heavier burden than a great potential.


No proper program contains an indication which as an operator-applied
occurrence identifies an operator-defining occurrence which as an
indication-applied occurrence identifies an indication-defining occurrence
different from the one identified by the given indication as an
indication-applied occurrence.
		-- ALGOL 68 Report


Callgirl, n.:
	A negotiable blond.


	The famous Nell Gwynn, stepping one day from a house where she had
made a short visit into her coach, saw a great crowd assembled, and her
footman all bloody and dirty; the fellow being asked by his mistress, the
reason for his being in that condition, answered, "I have been fighting,
madam, with an impudent rascal who called your ladyship a whore."
	"You blockhead," replied Mrs. Gwynn, "at this rate you must fight
every day of your life; why, you fool, all the world knows it."
	"Do they?" cries the fellow, in a muttering voice, after he had shut
the coach door, "they shan't call me a whore's footman for all that."
		-- Henry Fielding, "Tom Jones"


I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they
could do was to go away.


Q:	What goes
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
		Click.  "Did I get it?"
A:	Stevie Wonder doing the Rubik's Cube.


The most romantic thing any woman ever said to me in bed was
"Are you sure you're not a cop?"
		-- Larry Brown


A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate
cake without ketchup and mustard.


Robot, n.:
	University administrator.


We are all born equal... just some of us are more equal than others.


If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.


I shall give a propagandist reason for starting the war, no matter whether
it is plausible or not.  The victor will not be asked afterwards whether
he told the truth or not.  When starting and waging war it is not right
that matters, but victory.
		-- Adolf Hitler


SCCS, the source motel!  Programs check in and never check out!
		-- Ken Thompson


Hear about...
	the female activist who went berserk during a demonstration and
	attacked a karate-trained cop with a deadly weapon.  She ended
	up a chopped libber?


I place economy among the first and most important virtues, and public debt as
the greatest of dangers to be feared.  To preserve our independence, we must
not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt.  If we run into such debts, we
must be taxed in our meat and drink, in our necessities and in our comforts,
in our labor and in our amusements.  If we can prevent the government from
wasting the labor of the people, under the pretense of caring for them, they
will be happy.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


To be nobody-but-yourself in a world which is doing its best to,
night and day, to make you everybody else -- means to fight the hardest
battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.
		-- e. e. cummings, "A Miscellany"


Go directly to jail.  Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.


Be a better psychiatrist and the world
will beat a psychopath to your door.


The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
	"Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked.
	"Begin at the beginning," the King said, very gravely,
"and go on till you come to the end: then stop."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Cover your stump before you hump.
Before you attack her, wrap your wacker.
Don't be silly... protect your Willie.
Wrap it in foil before checking her oil.
If you're not going to sack it, go home and wack it.
		-- National Condom Week


	A proper elderly English couple visiting Australia decided to hire a
car to take a look at the outback.  "We know it's rough country, but it's safe
and decent, isn't it?" the husband inquired of the rental-agency manager.
Upon being assured that it was, the couple drove off.
	Later that day, they returned, upset and angry.  "You said it was
decent country," the Englishwoman upbraided the rental agent, "but we hadn't
driven too far when we saw a man in a field copulating with a kangaroo!"
	"And not too long after that," complained her husband, "a one-legged
aborigine leaning against a tree by the side of the road grinningly waved
at us with one hand while he brazenly masturbated himself with the other!"
	"Guv'nor," responded the Aussie, "yer wouldn't expect a poor bugger
like that, with only one leg, to catch a 'roo, would you?"


Gomme's Laws:
	(1) A backscratcher will always find new itches.
	(2) Time accelerates.
	(3) The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


It was a female that drove me to drink
and I didn't even have the kindness to thank her.
		-- R.E. Baber


Always draw your curves, then plot your reading.


Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...


What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


There is, in fact, no reason to believe that any given natural phenomenon,
however marvelous it may seem today, will remain forever inexplicable.
Soon or late the laws governing the production of life itself will be
discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator
on his own account.  The thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is
even highly probable.
		-- H. L. Mencken, 1930


	Listen, Tyrone, you don't know how dangerous that stuff is.
Suppose someday you just plug in and go away and never come back?  Eh?
	Ho, ho!  Don't I wish!  What do you think every electrofreak
dreams about?  You're such an old fuddyduddy!  A-and who sez it's a
dream, huh?  M-maybe it exists.  Maybe there is a Machine to take us
away, take us completely, suck us out through the electrodes out of
the skull 'n' into the Machine and live there forever with all the
other souls it's got stored there.  It could decide who it would suck
out, a-and when.  Dope never gave you immortality.  You hadda come
back, every time, into a dying hunk of smelly meat!  But We can live
forever, in a clean, honest, purified, Electroworld.
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
		-- Arthur Balfour


Chicken Soup, n.:
	An ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of aureomycin,
	cocaine, interferon, and TLC.  The only ailment chicken soup
	can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.


A man who cannot seduce men cannot save them either.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


I don't want people to love me.  It makes for obligations.
		-- Jean Anouilh


Iron Law of Distribution:
	Them that has, gets.


He who findeth sensuous pleasures in the bodies of lush, hot, pink
damsels is not righteous, but he can have a lot more fun.


Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

1. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR DOCTOR TO SHARE YOUR DISCOMFORT.
	Involvement with the patient's suffering might cause him to lose
	valuable scientific objectivity.

2. BE CHEERFUL AT ALL TIMES.
	Your doctor leads a busy and trying life and requires all the
	gentleness and reassurance he can get.

3. TRY TO SUFFER FROM THE DISEASE FOR WHICH YOU ARE BEING TREATED.
	Remember that your doctor has a professional reputation to uphold.


Bitch, bitch, bitch --
That's all I ever hear,
Ever since the dog ate the baby,
"Get rida the dog, get rida the dog."


If you don't ride a camel to work, you ain't Sheeite.


Keep up the good work!  But please don't ask me to help.


Do not try to solve all life's problems at once --
learn to dread each day as it comes.
		-- Donald Kaul


Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
		-- Steinbach


Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
	There's always one more bug.


Oh Father, my Father, Oh what must I do?
They're burning our streets and beating me blue.
"Listen my son, I'll tell you the truth:
Get a close haircut and spit-shine your shoes."

Oh Mother, my Mother, my confusions remove,
I long to embrace her whose hair is so smooth.
"Now listen my son, although you're confused,
Cut your hair close and shine all your shoes."

Oh Teacher, my Teacher, your life with me share.
What books ought I read?  What thoughts do I dare?
"Oh Student, my Student, of dissent you beware.
Shine those dull shoes and cut short your hair."

Oh Preacher, my Preacher, does God really care?
Are all races equal?  Are laws just and fair?
"Boy -- here's the answer, no need to despair:
Shine those new shoes and cut short that hair."


A person who has both feet planted firmly in the air can be safely
called a liberal.


A man is like a rusty wheel on a rusty cart,
He sings his song as he rattles along and then he falls apart.
		-- Richard Thompson


Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.


I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's;
I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
		-- William Blake, "Jerusalem"


She's so tough she won't take 'yes' for an answer.


Stock's Observation:
	You no sooner get your head above water
	but what someone pulls your flippers off.


The following quote is from page 4-27 of the MSCP Basic Disk Functions
Manual which is part of the UDA50 Programmers Doc Kit manuals:

As stated above, the host area of a disk is structured as a vector of
logical blocks.  From a performance viewpoint, however, it is more
appropriate to view the host area as a four dimensional hyper-cube, the
four dimensions being cylinder, group, track, and sector.
	. . .
Referring to our hyper-cube analogy, the set of potentially accessible
blocks form a line parallel to the track axis.  This line moves
parallel to the sector axis, wrapping around when it reaches the edge
of the hyper-cube.


Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four
essential food groups -- alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.
		-- Alex Levine

[Oh come on, everybody knows that the four basic food groups are
hot sugar, cold sugar, carbohydrates and grease.  Ed.]


Try `stty 0' -- it works much better.


Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?


How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
None: "We'll document it in the manual."


Motto of the Electrical Engineer:
	Working computer hardware is a lot like an erect penis: it
	stays up as long as you don't fuck with it.


Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies,
Shy little angels as gentle as puppies,
Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish,
They were just some of my tropical fish.

Then I got mantas that sting in the water,
Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter,
Savage male betas that bite with a squish,
Now I have many less tropical fish.

	If you think that
	Fish are peaceful
	That's an empty wish.
	Just dump them together
	And leave them alone,
	And soon you will have -- no fish.
		-- To My Favorite Things


It pays in England to be a revolutionary and a bible-smacker most of
one's life and then come round.
		-- Lord Alfred Douglas


Oh John, let's not park here.
Oh John, let's not park.
Oh John, let's not.
Oh John, let's.
Oh John.
Oh.


Coach: Can I draw you a beer, Norm?
Norm:  No, I know what they look like.  Just pour me one.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How about a beer, Norm?
Norm:  Hey I'm high on life, Coach.  Of course, beer is my life.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How's a beer sound, Norm?
Norm:  I dunno.  I usually finish them before they get a word in.
		-- Cheers, Fortune and Men's Weights


Q:	Where can you buy black lace crotchless panties for sheep?
A:	Fredrick's of Ithaca, New York.


Diplomacy is to do and say, the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
		-- Balfour


One Bell System - it sometimes works.


IOT trap -- mos dumped


When a man you like switches from what he said a year ago, or four years
ago, he is a broad-minded man who has courage enough to change his mind
with changing conditions.  When a man you don't like does it, he is a
liar who has broken his promises.
		-- Franklin Adams


All this big deal about white collar crime -- what's WRONG with white collar
crime?  Who enjoys his job today?  You?  Me?  Anybody?  The only satisfying
part of any job is coffee break, lunch hour and quitting time.  Years ago
there was at least the hope of improvement -- eventual promotion -- more
important jobs to come.  Once you can be sold the myth that you may make
president of the company you'll hardly ever steal stamps.  But nobody
believes he's going to be president anymore.  The more people change jobs
the more they realize that there is a direct connection between working for
a living and total stupefying boredom.  So why NOT take revenge?  You're not
going to find ME knocking a guy because he pads an expense account and his
home stationery carries the company emblem.  Take away crime from the white
collar worker and you will rob him of his last vestige of job interest.
		-- J. Feiffer


It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.


Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.


If it ain't broke, don't fix it.


So... if you could choose any nose in the whole wide world,
which one would you pick?


Well, it seems that there was this traveling saleswoman whose car broke
down, late at night, in the middle of a torrential downpour.  Hoping to
find a phone she ran to a nearby farmhouse.  When she was unable to find
a garage still open, the farmer told her that, while they were short of
beds, she could sleep with his daughter.  The daughter proved to eighteen
and beautiful.  So they went to bed, and shortly afterward, the saleswoman
rolled over toward the daughter and said, "Dear, I'm sure that you're aware
that some women like... to be with... other women.  Let me be frank..."
	"No!" interrupted the daughter, sternly.  "This time *I* want to
be Frank!"


A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


You will be imprisoned for contributing
your time and skill to a bank robbery.


The objective of all dedicated employees should be to thoroughly analyze
all situations, anticipate all problems prior to their occurrence, have
answers for these problems, and move swiftly to solve these problems
when called upon.
	However...
When you are up to your ass in alligators it is difficult to remind
yourself your initial objective was to drain the swamp.


The sun was shining on the sea,
Shining with all his might:
He did his very best to make
The billows smooth and bright --
And this was very odd, because it was
The middle of the night.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Hear about...
	the tight end who got two years for possession and came out a
	wide receiver?


Democracy can only be measured on the existence of an opposition.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

We think that we may take judicial notice of the fact that the term "bitch"
may imply some feeling of endearment when applied to a female of the canine
species but that it is seldom, if ever, so used when applied to a female
of the human race. Coming as it did, reasonably close on the heels of two
revolver shots directed at the person of whom it was probably used, we think
it carries every reasonable implication of ill-will toward that person.
		-- Smith v. Moran, 193 N.E. 2d 466


When you're not looking at it, this fortune is written in FORTRAN.


If only is was as easy to banish hunger by rubbing the belly as it is to
masturbate.
		-- Diogenes the Cynic


Smoking Prohibited.  Absolutely no ifs, ands, or butts.


Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.


Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield
	lands directly in front of your eyes.


Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Double Bucky, you're the one,
You make my keyboard so much fun,
Double Bucky, an additional bit or two, (Vo-vo-de-o)
Control and meta, side by side,
Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Oh, I sure wish that I,
Had a couple of bits more!
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.

Double Double Bucky!  Double Bucky left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of,
Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of,
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- to Niklaus Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		   be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		   by screen editors.  [to the tune of "Rubber Ducky"]


Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Frank Zappa


Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred,
Tan me hide when I'm dead.
So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde,
It's hanging there on the shed.

All together now...
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.


Hate the sin and love the sinner.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


Traveling through New England, a motorist stopped for gas in a tiny village.
"What's this place called?" he asked the station attendant.
	"All depends," the native drawled.  "Do you mean by them that has
to live in this dad-blamed, moth-eaten, dust-covered, one-hoss dump, or
by them that's merely enjoying its quaint and picturesque rustic charms
for a short spell?"


One of the regular foursome was sick, so a new member named George filled in.
He was good and pleasant company so they asked him to join them again the
following Sunday.
	"9:30 okay?"
	"Fine," George said, "but I may be a few minutes late."
The following Sunday George showed up right on time. Not only that, he played
left-handed and beat them.  They agreed to meet the following Sunday morning.
George was eager to come, but again, mentioned that he might be a few minutes
late.  The next Sunday there was George, punctual to the dot. This time he
played right-handed and beat them again.
	"You on for next Sunday, George?" one of the foursome asked.
	"Sure," George replied, "but I might be a few..."
	Another golfer jumped in. "Wait a minute... You always say you might
be late, but you're always right on time, and you always win, left-handed
*or* right-handed."
	"Well," George replied, rather sheepishly, "that's true, but see, I'm
superstitious.  If my wife is sleeping on her right, when I wake up, I play
right handed.  If she's sleeping on her left side, I play left handed."
	"What if she's lying on her back?"
	George said, "That's when I'm late."


I am not a crook.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


I lately lost a preposition;
It hid, I thought, beneath my chair
And angrily I cried, "Perdition!
Up from out of under there."

Correctness is my vade mecum,
And straggling phrases I abhor,
And yet I wondered, "What should he come
Up from out of under for?"
		-- Morris Bishop


Tyger, Tyger, burning bright		Where the hammer?  Where the chain?
In the forests of the night,		In what furnace was thy brain?
What immortal hand or eye		What the anvil?  What dread grasp
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?	Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

Burnt in distant deeps or skies		When the stars threw down their spears
The cruel fire of thine eyes?		And water'd heaven with their tears
On what wings dare he aspire?		Dare he laugh his work to see?
What the hand dare seize the fire?	Dare he who made the lamb make thee?

And what shoulder & what art		Tyger, Tyger, burning bright
Could twist the sinews of they heart?	In the forests of the night,
And when thy heart began to beat	What immortal hand or eye
What dread hand & what dread feet	Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

Could fetch it from the furnace deep
And in thy horrid ribs dare steep
In the well of sanguine woe?
In what clay & in what mould
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
		-- William Blake, "The Tyger"


A woman is driving down the street, her ten-year-old daughter belted into
the passenger seat.  The daughter asks "Mommy, how old are you?"
	The mother says "That's a personal question. It's not nice to ask
people personal questions."
	The daughter thinks a while, then asks "Mommy, how much do you weigh?"
	The mother replies "That's a personal question too.  I'm not going
to tell you."
	Chastised, the daughter asks no more questions.  The mother parks the
car. "I'm going to see Mrs. Tristan for a couple of minutes.  You stay here in
the car and watch my purse."
	After the mother leaves, the daughter removes her mother's driver's
license from the purse, studies it for a few minutes and replaces it.  When
her mother returns they drive off.  The little girl comments:
	"Mommy, I know how old you are.  You're 32."
	"That's right!  How did you know?"
	"And you weigh 119 pounds."
	"Did you look in my purse?"
	"And I know why you and Daddy divorced."
	"You *do*?"
	"Yes," said the daughter. "Because you flunked sex!"


Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.


Remember the... the... uhh.....


Tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die.


And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?


There has been a little distress selling on the stock exchange.
		-- Thomas W. Lamont, October 29, 1929


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #10

CARTABLANCA:
	Bogart stars as the owner of a North African nightclub that sells
	only Mexican beer.  Of course, this policy gets him into no end of
	trouble with the local French authorities who would really prefer
	wine and the occupying Germans who believe that only their beer is
	fit to be sold.  Wacky events ensue until the gripping climax in
	which the much-hated German beer distributor is drowned in a vat.


Your first husband was the one you married while firmly believing that
there are more important things in life than great sex.


The San Francisco police are nothing if not sensitive to the mood of the
community.  The word is that Dirty Harry has been replaced by Bitchy Gerald.


The perfect woman:
	Four feet tall, no teeth and a flat head so you can rest
	your drink.

	[Pistol-grip ears?  Ed.]


We may not like doctors, but at least they doctor.  Bankers are not ever
popular but at least they bank.  Policeman police and undertakers take
under.  But lawyers do not give us law.  We receive not the gladsome light
of jurisprudence, but rather precedents, objections, appeals, stays,
filings and forms, motions and counter-motions, all at $250 an hour.
		-- Nolo News, summer 1989


HEY, KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Masturbation isn't as simple as it looks.  Do it right!
Send 50 cents for my illustrated booklet "Masturbation techniques
for the teenager".  Be sure to specify the male or female edition.


Breast Feeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests,
since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.


QOTD:
	"I've always wanted to work in the Federal Mint.  And then go on
	strike.  To make less money."


It is not for me to attempt to fathom the
inscrutable workings of Providence.
		-- The Earl of Birkenhead


I replaced the headlights on my car with strobe lights.  Now it
looks like I'm the only one moving.
		-- Steven Wright


Second Law of Business Meetings:
	If there are two possible ways to spell a person's name, you
	will pick the wrong one.

Corollary:
	If there is only one way to spell a name,
	you will spell it wrong, anyway.


A triangle which has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene
triangle.


Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Lansdale seized on the idea of using Nixon to build support for the
[Vietnamese] elections ... really honest elections, this time.  "Oh, sure,
honest, yes, that's right," Nixon said, "so long as you win!"  With that
he winked, drove his elbow into Lansdale's arm and slapped his own knee.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, quoted in "Sideshow" by W. Shawcross


In outer space, nobody can hear you fart.


The 357.73 Theory --
	Auditors always reject expense accounts
	with a bottom line divisible by 5.


Philadelphia flying fuck, n.:
	Okay, see, he hangs from a chin-up bar with his feet on the arms
	of the rocking chair.  She crouches in the rocking chair pleasuring
	him orally.

	[Note: Personally, we've never tried this.  If you have, or if
	you do, please inform us of the results at Fortune, Box 1597,
	Rockville IL.  Thank you.  Ed.]


Year  Name				James Bond	Book
----  --------------------------------	--------------	----
50's  James Bond TV Series		Barry Nelson
1962  Dr. No				Sean Connery	1958
1963  From Russia With Love		Sean Connery	1957
1964  Goldfinger			Sean Connery	1959
1965  Thunderball			Sean Connery	1961
1967* Casino Royale			David Niven	1954
1967  You Only Live Twice		Sean Connery	1964
1969  On Her Majesty's Secret Service	George Lazenby	1963
1971  Diamonds Are Forever		Sean Connery	1956
1973  Live And Let Die			Roger Moore	1955
1974  The Man With The Golden Gun	Roger Moore	1965
1977  The Spy Who Loved Me		Roger Moore	1962 (novelette)
1979  Moonraker				Roger Moore	1955
1981  For Your Eyes Only		Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1983  Octopussy				Roger Moore	1965
1983* Never Say Never Again		Sean Connery
1985  A View To A Kill			Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1987  The Living Daylights		Timothy Dalton	1965 (novelette)
	* -- Not a Broccoli production


You are transported to a room where you are faced by a wizard who
points to you and says, "Them's fighting words!"  You immediately get
attacked by all sorts of denizens of the museum: there is a cobra
chewing on your leg, a troglodyte is bashing your brains out with a
gold nugget, a crocodile is removing large chunks of flesh from you, a
rhinoceros is goring you with his horn, a sabre-tooth cat is busy
trying to disembowel you, you are being trampled by a large mammoth, a
vampire is sucking you dry, a Tyrannosaurus Rex is sinking his six inch
long fangs into various parts of your anatomy, a large bear is
dismembering your body, a gargoyle is bouncing up and down on your
head, a burly troll is tearing you limb from limb, several dire wolves
are making mince meat out of your torso, and the wizard is about to
transport you to the corner of Westwood and Broxton.  Oh dear, you seem
to have gotten yourself killed, as well.

You scored 0 out of 250 possible points.
That gives you a ranking of junior beginning adventurer.
To achieve the next higher rating, you need to score 32 more points.


An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.


It is not enough that I should succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's
		   [Also attributed to David Merrick.  Ed.]

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Gore Vidal
		   [Great minds think alike?  Ed.]


This is Marilyn Reed, I wanta talk to you...  Is this a machine?
I don't talk to machines!  [Click]


Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim


Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
		-- Publilius Syrus


New York is real.  The rest is done with mirrors.


I have gained this by philosophy:
that I do without being commanded what others
do only from fear of the law.
		-- Aristotle


