Sic transit gloria mundi.
[So passes away the glory of this world.]
		-- Thomas a Kempis


Gone With The Wind LITE(tm)
	-- by Margaret Mitchell

	A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed.

Gift of the Magii LITE(tm)
	-- by O. Henry

	A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences.

The Old Man and the Sea LITE(tm)
	-- by Ernest Hemingway

	An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.

Diary of a Young Girl LITE(tm)
	-- by Anne Frank

	A young girl hides in an attic but is discovered.


One morning after an evening of particularly heavy drinking, a man awoke
and upon rolling over in bed saw one of the ugliest women he had ever
seen.  As he was about to get out of bed, he looked on the floor and saw
another woman even less appealing than the first.  Seeing his look of
wide-eyed amazement, the woman on the floor snapped, "Don't look at me
like that, I was only the bridesmaid."


Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run on
future hardware.  Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo sapiens
will ever be able to fit on a single planet.


The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.


Never have children, only grandchildren.
		-- Gore Vidal


Have a coke and a smile!
		-- John DeLorean


One day I got on the usual bus, and when I stepped in, I saw the most
gorgeous blond Chinese girl... I sat beside her... I said "Hi," and she
said "Hi," and then I said "Nice day, isn't it," and she said "Yeah, I
guess"... I said "What do you mean 'you guess?'"... she said "I saw my
analyst today and he says I have a problem."... so I asked "What's the
problem?"... she replied "I can't tell you, I don't even know you."...
I said "Well sometimes it's good to tell your problems to a perfect
stranger on a bus."  So she said, "Well, my analyst said I'm a nymphomaniac
and I only like Jewish cowboys... by the way, my name is Diane."  I said,
"Hello, Diane, my name is Bucky Goldstein."
		-- Steven Wright


A young man walks into a bus station, and goes into the men's room to relieve
himself.  When he steps in he sees a leprechaun with the most enormous penis
he has ever seen.  As he urinates, he cannot avoid spying on the giant member
of the tiny man dressed in green.  The leprechaun zips up and the man asks him
if he is indeed a real leprechaun.
	The little man says, "Aye, me laddie, I'm a leprechaun, and I can
grant you three wishes."
	"Oh, wow!" comes the reply, "What do I need to do?"
	"Well, havin' such a large cock makes it a bit awkward with the
ladies, the thing not fittin' and all...  I'll grant you your three wishes
if you wouldn't mind suckin' me dick 'til I come."  The man is a bit taken
aback, but agrees, realizing that the three wishes will be priceless.  After
the tiny fellow has come, he starts to walk away.
	The man exclaims, "Hey, what about my three wishes?"
	Replies the leprechaun, "How old are you, me boy?"
	"25."
	"Aren't you a wee bit old to be believin' in leprechauns?"


Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.


	At an elegant dinner party, Lady Astor once leaned across the table
to remark, "If you were my husband, Winston, I'd poison your coffee."  "And
if you were my wife, I'd beat the shit out of you," came Churchill's
unhesitating retort.
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
		-- Raymond Chandler


The time has come for kicking ass and taking names.


Live fast, die young, and leave a flat patch of fur on the highway!
		-- The Squirrels' Motto (The "Hell's Angels of Nature")


What excuses stand in your way?  How can you eliminate them?
		-- Roger von Oech


An American businessman in London was given special visitor's privileges at an
exclusive men's club.  Striding in one afternoon, the American approached the
only other man in the lounge and tried to strike up a conversation.  "Care
for a cigar?" he asked.
	"No, thank you," the Englishman replied.  "I tried smoking once and
didn't like it."
	"Would you care to join me in the bar for a drink, then?" the
businessman asked.
	"No, thank you.  I tried drinking once and it didn't agree with me."
	"Well, how about a game of billiards?"
	"Sorry.  I tried it once and couldn't seem to get the hang of it."
	As the American started to turn away, the Englishman said, "But my
son will be here shortly, and I'm sure he would enjoy a game with you."
	"Your son?  An only child, I presume."


She was only a mortician's daughter but anyone cadaver.


Everything journalists write is true, except when they write about
something you know.
		-- Dag-Erling Smorgrav,
		   June 1999, FreeBSD-Stable Mailing List


It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both
incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by
twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
		-- Rod Serling


Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?
		-- P. J. Plauger


"Hello," he lied.
		-- Don Carpenter, quoting a Hollywood agent


Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.


	In the beginning there was only one kind of Mathematician, created by
the Great Mathematical Spirit form the Book: the Topologist.  And they grew to
large numbers and prospered.
	One day they looked up in the heavens and desired to reach up as far
as the eye could see.  So they set out in building a Mathematical edifice that
was to reach up as far as "up" went.  Further and further up they went ...
until one night the edifice collapsed under the weight of paradox.
	The following morning saw only rubble where there once was a huge
structure reaching to the heavens.  One by one, the Mathematicians climbed
out from under the rubble.  It was a miracle that nobody was killed; but when
they began to speak to one another, SURPRISE of all surprises! they could not
understand each other.  They all spoke different languages.  They all fought
amongst themselves and each went about their own way.  To this day the
Topologists remain the original Mathematicians.
		-- The Story of Babel


	Young men and young women may work systematically six days in the
week and rise fresh in the morning, but let them attend modern dances for
only a few hours each evening and see what happens.  The Waltz, Polka,
Gallop and other dances of the same kind will be disastrous in their effects
to both sexes.  Health and vigor will vanish like the dew before the sun.
	It is not the extraordinary exercise which harms the dancer, but
rather the coming into close contact with the opposite sex.  It is the
fury of lust craving incessantly for more pleasure that undermines the
soul, the body, the sinews and nerves.  Experience and statistics show
beyond doubt that passionate excessive dancing girls can hardly reach
twenty-five years of age and men thirty-one.  Even if they reached that
age they will in most instances be broken in health physically and morally.
This is the claim of prominent physicians in this country.
		-- Quote from a 1910 periodical


This land is made of mountains,
This land is made of mud,
This land has lots of everything,
For me and Elmer Fudd.

This land has lots of trousers,
This land has lots of mousers,
And pussycats to eat them
When the sun goes down.


TEX is potentially the most significant invention in typesetting in this
century.  It introduces a standard language for computer typography, and in
terms of importance could rank near the introduction of the Gutenberg press.
		-- Gordon Bell


Great minds run in great circles.


Obscene?  Obscene is young men being trained to drop fire on people, but
their commanders not allowing them to write "fuck" on their airplanes
because it's obscene.


You can get everything in life you want,
if you will help enough other people get what they want.


DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
		-- Mel Ferentz


I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
		-- Steven Wright


NO OPIUM-SMOKING IN THE ELEVATORS
		-- sign in the Rand Hotel, New York, 1907


What an author likes to write most is his signature on the
back of a cheque.
		-- Brendan Francis


Give me Librium or give me Meth.


Kites rise highest against the wind -- not with it.
		-- Winston Churchill


A full belly makes a dull brain.
		-- Benjamin Franklin

		[and the local candy machine man.  Ed]


In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending
your left leg, it's modern architecture.
		-- Nancy Banks Smith


QOTD:
	"Oh, no, no...  I'm not beautiful.  Just very, very pretty."


Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who
can't talk for people who can't read.
		-- Frank Zappa


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #8

THE SMURFS AND THE CUISINART (1986)
	The lovable little blue Smurfs encounter a lovable little kitchen
	appliance, which invites them to play.  The Smurfs learn a valuable
	(if sometimes fatal) lesson.

THE SMURFS AND THE CARBON-DIOXIDE INDUSTRIAL LASER (1987)
	The inevitable sequel.  The lovable and somewhat mangled surviving
	Smurfs team up with the Care Bears to encounter a cute, lovable piece
	of high-tech welding equipment, which teaches them the magic of
	becoming rather greasy smoke.  Heartwarming fun for the entire family.


Washington, D.C: Fifty square miles almost completely surrounded by reality.


People don't usually make the same mistake twice -- they make it three
times, four time, five times...


All his life he has looked away... to the horizon, to the sky,
to the future.  Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.
		-- Yoda


I've been feeling kind of jealous,
Of all them well-hung fellas,
Like Michael, Rod, and Mick.		It would have to be a big one,
Tell me, Doctor can you mend me?	A giant, horny love gun,
I've a case of penis envy --		To let me be a jock.
If I only had a dick.			Girls would never beg my pardon,
					They would turn on to my hardon --
					If I only had a cock.
Oh, I can tell you now,
The number of times I'd score,
I could fuck girls like			I would not be just a housewife,
	I never have before,		Living a little mouse-life
And then I'd cum (wee!)			In days that drag out long.
And fuck some more!			I would dance and I'd be merry
					Life would be a ding-a-derry
					If I only had a dong!
		-- to "If I Only Had A Brain", The Wizard of Oz


God is love, but get it in writing.
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee


Q:	What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
A:	Dating a Canadian.


Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promptly
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all lightbulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.


If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?


The marriage of Marxism and feminism has been like the marriage of
husband and wife depicted in English common law: Marxism and feminism
are one, and that one is Marxism.
		-- Heidi Hartmann,
		   "The Unhappy Marriage of Marxism and Feminism"


The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.


Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.


Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to
promote peace than our governments.  Indeed, I think that people want
peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of
the way and let them have it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


All of the animals except man know that
the principal business of life is to enjoy it.


Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.


-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.


Those of you who think you know everything are very annoying to those
of us who do.


I have a map of the United States.  It's actual size.
I spent last summer folding it.
People ask me where I live, and I say, "E6".
		-- Steven Wright


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18)
	You have nothing better to think about than what to wear and what
type of champagne to take to the neighbors Halloween Party.  Just take beer!
Don't try to copy the "Joneses", pull them up to your level and remember, in
California Halloween is redundant anyhow.

PISCES (Feb. 19 - March 20)
	Focus on strengthening friendships this Fall.  You find others are
fascinated by your intelligence, your wit, your drinking ability, and your
bank account.  Just make sure you realize it's far more impressive when
other discover your good qualities without your help.


My idea of roughing it turning the air conditioner too low.


Brooks' Law:
	Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later


How come if you're horny it's lust, but if she's horny it's affection?


Filibuster, n.:
	Throwing your wait around.


The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
		-- Abbie Hoffman


Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.


I am an optimist.  It does not seem too much use being anything else.
		-- Winston Churchill


How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese?
		-- Charles de Gaulle


I don't believe there really IS a GAS SHORTAGE.. I think it's all just
a BIG HOAX on the part of the plastic sign salesmen -- to sell more
numbers!!


"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not
Compute' -- I forget which."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


XEROX never does anything original.


MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box


I think we're in trouble.
		-- Han Solo


A midget had a date with a very tall girl.  It was a quiff-hanger.


The three best things about going to school are June, July, and August.


OCCAM'S ERASER:
	The philosophical principle that even the simplest
	solution is bound to have something wrong with it.


Zero Mostel: That's it baby!  When you got it, flaunt it!  Flaunt it!
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Producers"


All warranty and guarantee clauses
become null and void upon payment of invoice.


They finally got King Midas, I hear.  Gild by association.


As the Catholic church becomes more and more tolerant, some day they will
have to consider the possibility of a gay pope.  Possibly the largest
issue will be having to decide whether he is "absolutely divine" or "just
simply marvelous."


A day without sunshine is like night.


	"Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?"
	"Piece of cake, Master?  Radial slice of baked confection ...
coefficient of relevance to Key of Time: zero."
		-- "Doctor Who"


Next Friday will not be your lucky day.
As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.


Aboard the good ship Venus,		The cabin boy, the captain's joy,
The mast it was a penis,		A cunning little nipper,
	Her figurehead				They filled his ass,
	A whore in bed,				With broken glass,
Good grief you should have seen us!	And circumcised the skipper.

The first mate's name was Higgins,	The captain's daughter Mabel,
And Higgins was a biggins,		They screwed when they were able,
	Once round the deck,			They nailed her tits,
	Twice up the mast,			Those nasty shits,
And the rest was used for riggins'!	Right to the captain's table.

The engineer's name was Carter,		The second mate's name was Andy,
And Carter was a farter,		By God, he was a dandy,
	When the wind wouldn't blow,		They broke his cock,
	And the ship couldn't go,		With chunks of rock,
Carter the farter would start her!	For conking in the brandy!


Air is water with holes in it.


GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (#21):  July 30, 1917

On this day, New York City hotel detectives burst in and caught then
Senator Warren G. Harding in bed with an underage girl.  He bought
them off with a $20 bribe, and later remarked thankfully, "I thought
I wouldn't get out of that under $1000!"  Always one to learn from
his mistakes, in later years President Harding carried on his affairs
in a tiny closet in the White House Cabinet Room while Secret Service
men stood lookout.


May a deranged midget on a pogo stick
take refuge in your sister's hoop skirt.


There is never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.


In cosmetics, there's cases of revolutionary Venus Envy Hair Spray;
Legette Hair Fastener Heat Bags; Lady O' Spain Self-Blinding Eye Shadow
with Magic Puncture Pencil; Sanitary Napkin Rings in Little Miss, Moon
Maid and Stuck Pig Strength; and deported Italian Napagel Balls for
soaking or eating; and they're all slash-priced with the lady in mind...
		-- The Firesign Theatre


You are not dead yet.
But watch for further reports.


I suggest you locate your hot tub outside your house, so it won't do
too much damage if it catches fire or explodes.  First you decide which
direction your hot tub should face for maximum solar energy.  After
much trial and error, I have found that the best direction for a hot
tub to face is up.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when looked
at in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
		-- Poul Anderson


She been married so many times
she got rice marks all over her face.
		-- Tom Waits


In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.


He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.


"The testes are cooler outside,"
Said the doc to the curious bride,
	"For the semen must not
	Get too fucking hot,
And the bag fans your bum on the ride."


The [Ford Foundation] is a large body of money
completely surrounded by people who want some.
		-- Dwight MacDonald


Excellent day for drinking heavily.
Spike the office water cooler.


Code rot -- mostly caused by people redefining "fresh".
		-- Wes Peters


	It seems there were two young Marines walking down the street, and
they chanced upon a lady who was both very proper and very well endowed.
One of them said, "Wow! What tits!  Hey lady, would I love to snuggle up with
them for awhile.  What are you doing this afternoon?"
	Well, the other Marine thought that was just about the most shameful
thing he had ever witnessed, and felt that he had to restore the honor of the
Corps.  "Pardon my friend, Ma'am," he apologized, "He's not been very well
brought up and don't know how to talk to cunt."


A conservative is a man
with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


Q:	How did the regular expression cross the road?
A:	^.*$


Worth seeing?
Yes, but not worth going to see.


The young lady had an unusual list,
Linked in part to a structural weakness.
She set no preconditions.


Nobody takes a bribe.  Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out
your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's
different.
		-- New York City Police Commissioner (Ret.) William P.
		   O'Brien, instructions to the force.


Happiness, n.:
	Finding the owner of a lost bikini.


A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many
bad measures.
		-- Daniel Webster


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Description:
	Gangly and frail, the hacker has a high forehead and thinning hair.
	Head disproportionately large and crooked forward, complexion wan and
	sightly gray from CRT illumination.  He has heavy black-rimmed glasses
	and a look of intense concentration, which may be due to a software
	problem or to a pork-and-bean breakfast.
Feathering:
	HOMO COMPUTATIS saw a Brylcreem ad fifteen years ago and believed it.
	Consequently, crest is greased down, except for the cowlick.
Song:
	A rather plaintive "Is it up?"


Those who claim the dead never return
to life haven't ever been around here at quitting time.


Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein


Howard Cosell's biggest protrusion is his asshole.
		-- John Valby


Conserve energy -- make love more slowly.


	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.


Didja' ever have to make up your mind,
Pick up on one and leave the other behind,
It's not often easy, and it's not often kind,
Didja' ever have to make up your mind?
		-- Lovin' Spoonful


The thought of being President frightens me and I do not think I
want the job.
		-- Ronald Reagan in 1973

Reagan won because he ran against Jimmy Carter.  Had he run unopposed he
would have lost.
		-- Mort Sahl

Ronald Reagan is a triumph of the embalmer's art.
		-- Gore Vidal

Ronald Reagan's platform seems to be: Hey, I'm a big good-looking guy and
I need a lot of sleep.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.

You've got to be careful quoting Ronald Reagan, because when you quote him
accurately it's called mudslinging.
		-- Walter Mondale


Watch out for a cold wave this week.  (Or maybe a warm WAC.)


I'm an evolutionist; I refuse to believe
that I could have been created by man.


That's odd.  That's very odd.
Wouldn't you say that's very odd?


It's all in the mind, ya know.


The Israelis are the Doberman pinschers of the Middle East.  They
treat the Arabs like postmen.
		-- Franklyn Ajaye


You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.


Cohn's Law:
	The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less
	time you have to do anything.  Stability is achieved when you spend
	all your time reporting on the nothing you are doing.


Four hours to bury the cat?
Yes, damn thing wouldn't keep still, kept mucking about, 'owling...


Any sufficiently simple directive can be obfuscated beyond reason
given proper legal counsel.
		-- Alfred Perlstein


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


The Great Movie Posters:

The Miracle of the Age!!!  A LION in your lap!  A LOVER in your arms!
		-- Bwana Devil (1952)

OVERWHELMING!  ELECTRIFYING!  BAFFLING!
Fire Can't Burn Them!  Bullets Can't Kill Them!  See the Unfolding of
the Mysteries of the Moon as Murderous Robot Monsters Descend Upon the
Earth!  You've Never Seen Anything Like It!  Neither Has the World!
	SEE... Robots from Space in All Their Glory!!!
		-- Robot Monster (1953)

1,965 pyramids, 5,337 dancing girls, one million swaying bullrushes,
802 scared bulls!
		-- The Egyptian (1954)


FEAR:
	What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.


A new koan:
	If you have some ice cream, I will give it to you.
	If you have no ice cream, I will take it away from you.
It is an ice cream koan.


The opossum is a very sophisticated animal.  It doesn't even get up
until 5 or 6 PM.


Unix programmers do it with pipes.


Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the poor are outside protesting your budget
		 cuts.
Raygun himself:  Tell them they'll have to help themselves.
Aide to Raygun:  Sir, the Pentagon wants another $30 billion.
Raygun himself:  Tell them to help themselves.


In an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly.


Psychics will soon lead dogs to your body.


And so it was, later,
As the miller told his tale,
That her face, at first just ghostly,
Turned a whiter shade of pale.
		-- Procol Harum


Damn braces.
		-- William Blake, "Proverbs of Hell"


Moore's Constant:
	Everybody sets out to do something, and everybody
	does something, but no one does what he sets out to do.


	A ranger was walking through the forest and encountered a hunter
carrying a shotgun and a dead loon.  "What in the world do you think you're
doing?  Don't you know that the loon is on the endangered species list?"
	Instead of answering, the hunter showed the ranger his game bag,
which contained twelve more loons.
	"Why would you shoot loons?", the ranger asked.
	"Well, my family eats them and I sell the plumage."
	"What's so special about a loon?  What does it taste like?"
	"Oh, somewhere between an American Bald Eagle and a Trumpeter Swan."


A gentleman is a man who wouldn't hit a lady with his hat on.
		-- Evan Esar
		[ And why not?  For why does she have his hat on?  Ed.]


Telephone, n.:
	An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of
	making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Bi, n.:
	When *everybody* thinks you're a pervert.


What is comedy?  Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making
them puke.
		-- Steve Martin


So now
that you have-

you know, whoever

you're trying
to do

a favor
for

-you've done it-

and I'm sure
you had

a smirk
on your mouth

as you got me
into this.
		-- "To Linda", from The Poetry Of H. Ross Perot,
		   composed for Linda Wertheimer of National Public
		   Radio.  From SPY Magazine, November 1992


The trouble with eating Italian food is that
five or six days later you're hungry again.
		-- George Miller


It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness;
poverty and wealth have both failed.
		-- Kin Hubbard


Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.


Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.


One monk said to the other, "The fish has flopped out of the net! How
will it live?"  The other said, "When you have gotten out of the net,
I'll tell you."


A sinking ship gathers no moss.
		-- Donald Kaul


Debugging is anticipated with distaste, performed with reluctance,
and bragged about forever. -- Button at the Boston Computer Museum


Everything can be filed under "miscellaneous".


The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


Let us treat men and women well;
Treat them as if they were real;
Perhaps they are.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
		-- W. C. Bennett


The less time planning, the more time programming.


We may not return the affection of those who like us,
but we always respect their good judgment.


	Festivity Level 1: Your guests are chatting amiably with each
other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around
the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors
d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 2: Your guests are talking loudly -- sometimes
to each other, and sometimes to nobody at all, rearranging your
Christmas-tree ornaments, singing "I Gotta Be Me" around the upright
piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 3: Your guests are arguing violently with
inanimate objects, singing "I can't get no satisfaction," gulping down
other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and
placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when
the little hammers strike.
	Festivity Level 4: Your guests, hors d'oeuvres smeared all over
their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning
Christmas tree.  The piano is missing.

	You want to keep your party somewhere around level 3, unless
you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level
4.  The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.


If it happens once, it's a bug.
If it happens twice, it's a feature.
If it happens more than twice, it's a design philosophy.


In breeding cattle you need one bull for every twenty-five cows, unless
the cows are known sluts.
		-- Johnny Carson


Q:	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
A:	A stick.


Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.


	I'm sure that VMS is completely documented, I just haven't found the
right manual yet.  I've been working my way through the manuals in the document
library and I'm half way through the second cabinet, (3 shelves to go), so I
should find what I'm looking for by mid May.  I hope I can remember what it
was by the time I find it.
	I had this idea for a new horror film, "VMS Manuals from Hell" or maybe
"The Paper Chase: IBM vs. DEC".  It's based on Hitchcock's "The Birds", except
that it's centered around a programmer who is attacked by a swarm of binder
pages with an index number and the single line "This page intentionally left
blank."
		-- Alex Crain


Roses are red;
	Violets are blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	And so am I.


History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them
asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at
intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...  Truly the imago
state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
		-- Charles Darwin, from "Origin of the Species"


The language of politics is poetry, not prose.  Jackson is poetry.
Cuomo is poetry.  Dukakis is a word processor.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, on Meet the Press, April, 1988


Hacker's Guide To Cooking:
2 pkg. cream cheese (the mushy white stuff in silver wrappings that doesn't
	really come from Philadelphia after all; anyway, about 16 oz.)
1 tsp. vanilla extract (which is more alcohol than vanilla and pretty
	strong so this part you *GOTTA* measure)
1/4 cup sugar (but honey works fine too)
8 oz. Cool Whip (the fluffy stuff devoid of nutritional value that you
	can squirt all over your friends and lick off...)
"Blend all together until creamy with no lumps."  This is where you get to
	join(1) all the raw data in a big buffer and then filter it through
	merge(1m) with the -thick option, I mean, it starts out ultra lumpy
	and icky looking and you have to work hard to mix it.  Try an electric
	beater if you have a cat(1) that can climb wall(1s) to lick it off
	the ceiling(3m).
"Pour into a graham cracker crust..."  Aha, the BUGS section at last.  You
	just happened to have a GCC sitting around under /etc/food, right?
	If not, don't panic(8), merely crumble a rand(3m) handful of innocent
	GCs into a suitable tempfile and mix in some melted butter.
"...and refrigerate for an hour."  Leave the recipe's stdout in a fridge
	for 3.6E6 milliseconds while you work on cleaning up stderr, and
	by time out your cheesecake will be ready for stdin.


