Any father who thinks he's all important should remind himself that this
country honors fathers only one day a year while pickles get a whole week.


I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
		-- Robert Duval, "Apocalypse Now"


Come, muse, let us sing of rats!
		-- From a poem by James Grainger (1721-1767)


You can write a small letter to Grandma in the filename.
		-- Forbes Burkowski, Computer Science 454,
		   University of Washington


Audiophile, n.:
	Someone who listens to the equipment instead of the music.


The partition of Vavasour Scowles
Was a sickener: they came on his bowels
	In a firkin; his brain
	Was found clogging a drain,
And his toes were inside of some towels.
		-- Edward Gorey


No one gets sick on Wednesdays.


An American tourist is visiting Russia, and he's talking with a Russian
about the fact that not many people in Russia own cars.

American:	"I can't believe you don't have cars here!  How do you
		get to work?"
Russian:	"We take the bus, or the subway.  We have public
		transportation everywhere."
A:		"Well, how do you go on vacations?"
R:		"We take the train."
A:		"Well, what if you want to go abroad?"
R:		"We don't ever want go abroad."
A:		"Well, what if you really HAVE to go abroad?"
R:		"We take tanks."


Remember to say hello to your bank teller.


I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"


Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.


As a professional humorist, I often get letters from readers who are
interested in the basic nature of humor.  "What kind of a sick
perverted disgusting person are you," these letters typically ask,
"that you make jokes about setting fire to a goat?" ...
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


Oh Father, my Father, Oh what must I do?
They're burning our streets and beating me blue.
"Listen my son, I'll tell you the truth:
Get a close haircut and spit-shine your shoes."

Oh Mother, my Mother, my confusions remove,
I long to embrace her whose hair is so smooth.
"Now listen my son, although you're confused,
Cut your hair close and shine all your shoes."

Oh Teacher, my Teacher, your life with me share.
What books ought I read?  What thoughts do I dare?
"Oh Student, my Student, of dissent you beware.
Shine those dull shoes and cut short your hair."

Oh Preacher, my Preacher, does God really care?
Are all races equal?  Are laws just and fair?
"Boy -- here's the answer, no need to despair:
Shine those new shoes and cut short that hair."


Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for
peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being
ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll
say it was obvious all along.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt


You should not use your fireplace, because scientists now believe that,
contrary to popular opinion, fireplaces actually remove heat from
houses.  Really, that's what scientists believe.  In fact many
scientists actually use their fireplaces to cool their houses in the
summer.  If you visit a scientist's house on a sultry August day,
you'll find a cheerful fire roaring on the hearth and the scientist
sitting nearby, remarking on how cool he is and drinking heavily.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


Tonight's the night:  Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.


We seem to have forgotten the simple truth that reason is never perfect.
Only non-sense attains perfection.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself
out of the market.


Q:	Why can't Hellen Keller have children?
A:	Because she's dead.


The, uh, snowy mountains are like really cold, eh?
And the, um, plains stretch out like my moms girdle, eh?
There's lotsa beers and doughnuts for everyone, eh?
So the last one to be peaceful and everything is a big idiot,
Eh?
So shut yer face up and dry yer mukluks by the fire, eh?
And dream about girls with their high beams on, eh?
They may be cold, but that's okay!  Beer's better that way!
Eh?
		-- A, like, Tribute to the Great White North, eh?
Beauty!


Pardon this fortune.  Database under reconstruction.


While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's
still very reassuring to know that it's still there.


Seleznick's Theory of Holistic Medicine:
	Ice Cream cures all ills.  Temporarily.


Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
		-- Ogden Nash


What really shapes and conditions and makes us is somebody only a few
of us ever have the courage to face:  and that is the child you once
were, long before formal education ever got its claws into you -- that
impatient, all-demanding child who wants love and power and can't get
enough of either and who goes on raging and weeping in your spirit
till at last your eyes are closed and all the fools say, "Doesn't he
look peaceful?"  It is those pent-up, craving children who make all
the wars and all the horrors and all the art and all the beauty and
discovery in life, because they are trying to achieve what lay beyond
their grasp before they were five years old.
		-- Robertson Davies, "The Rebel Angels"


HERPES:
	The final proof that 'tis better to give than to receive.
	Much better.


Phasers locked on target, Captain.


QOTD:
	"I'm on a seafood diet -- I see food and I eat it."


The worst part of valor is indiscretion.


A young woman was afflicted with three brothers who had a friendly competition
as to who was the best practical joker.  When she announced her marriage,
like all good brothers, they immediately found out where the honeymoon would
be and repaired there to do their worst, er, best.  The brother who was a
carpenter went first, and came back out in five minutes.  The brother who
worked as a plumber went second and was out in about half an hour.  Finally,
the brother employed as a dentist went inside and came out almost immediately.
A few days after the start of their sister's honeymoon the brothers each
received a telegram from their sister.  It read:

	I liked the couch falling apart when we sat on it.  I was amused
	when the shower went cold five minutes after it started.  But I'm
	going to kill whoever put the novocaine into the KY jelly...


Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.


If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway


You could get a new lease on life -- if only you
didn't need the first and last month in advance.


Never trust a computer you can't repair yourself.


A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy,
and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
		-- Frost


	The General disliked trying to explain the highly technical
inner workings of the U.S. Air Force.
	"$7,662 for a ten cup coffee maker, General?" the Senator asked.
	In his head he ran through his standard explanations.  "It's not so,"
he thought.  "It's a deterrent."  Soon he came up with, "It's computerized,
Senator.  Tiny computer chips make coffee that's smooth and full-bodied.  Try
a cup."
	The Senator did.  "Pfffttt!  Tastes like jet fuel!"
	"It's not so," the General thought.  "It's a deterrent."
	Then he remembered something.  "We bought a lot of untested computer
chips," the General answered.  "They got into everything.  Just a little
mix-up.  Nothing serious."
	Then he remembered something else.  It was at the site of the
mysterious B-1 crash.  A strange smell in the fuel lines.  It smelled like
coffee.  Smooth and full bodied...
		-- Another Episode of General's Hospital


You are going to have a new love affair.


Don't dip your wick in a WAC,
Don't ride the breast of a WAVE,
	Just sit in the sand
	And do it by hand,
And buy bonds with the money you save.


Neckties strangle clear thinking.
		-- Lin Yutang


A student, in hopes of understanding the Lambda-nature, came to Greenblatt.
As they spoke a Multics system hacker walked by.  "Is it true", asked the
student, "that PL-1 has many of the same data types as Lisp?"  Almost before
the student had finished his question, Greenblatt shouted, "FOO!", and hit
the student with a stick.


Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
		-- Baba Ram Dass


C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas la guerre!


QOTD:
	"She was so tough she rolled her own tampons."


Mathematicians are like Frenchmen: whatever you say to them they translate
into their own language, and forthwith it is something entirely different.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"


It is contrary to reasoning to say that there
is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
		-- Rene Descartes


	A man walks into a bar with a Leprechaun on his shoulder.  He walks
up to the bar and sits down, ordering a beer for himself and one for the
little Leprechaun.
	After a few beers, the Leprechaun jumps down off the guy's shoulder,
struts down the bar and comes to a stop in front of a rather large construction
worker.  Looking the guy right in the eye, he gives him a rather large, damp,
Bronx cheer.  And trots back to sit on his buddy's shoulder.  The worker is
pretty upset, but decides to shine on this rather offensive breach of manners.
	After another beer and a half though, the Leprechaun hops down and
walks over to his previous victim and goes "PPPPHHHHHHHBBBBTTTTTT" again.
Well, that's too much, and the victim knocks the Leprechaun off the bar and,
after walking over to stand very close to the Leprechaun's escort, tells him
in a rather overloud voice, that if it happens again, he's going to "cut off
his little dick!"
	Replies the escort, "Leprechauns don't have dicks."
	"Yeah?  Well, then," asks the big man, how does he take a piss?"
	"PPPPHHHHHHHBBBBTTTTTT!!!!"


"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.


Many a town that didn't have enough work to support a single lawyer
can easily support two or more.


He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Here there by tygers.


Pardon me, sir, but you've obviously
mistaken me for someone who gives a shit.


You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.


Boy, life takes a long time to live.
		-- Steven Wright


Did you hear about the new German microwave oven?
		... Seats 500.


Woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer,
Yeah, Ah woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer
The future's uncertain and the end is always near.
		-- Jim Morrison, "Roadhouse Blues"


Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer true,
Daisy, Daisy, wouldn't you like to screw?
I really must beg your pardon,
But I've got a hell of a hard-on,
From beating my meat, against the seat,
Of a bicycle built for two.
		-- "Daisy, Daisy", "The Dirty Song Book"


Year  Name				James Bond	Book
----  --------------------------------	--------------	----
50's  James Bond TV Series		Barry Nelson
1962  Dr. No				Sean Connery	1958
1963  From Russia With Love		Sean Connery	1957
1964  Goldfinger			Sean Connery	1959
1965  Thunderball			Sean Connery	1961
1967* Casino Royale			David Niven	1954
1967  You Only Live Twice		Sean Connery	1964
1969  On Her Majesty's Secret Service	George Lazenby	1963
1971  Diamonds Are Forever		Sean Connery	1956
1973  Live And Let Die			Roger Moore	1955
1974  The Man With The Golden Gun	Roger Moore	1965
1977  The Spy Who Loved Me		Roger Moore	1962 (novelette)
1979  Moonraker				Roger Moore	1955
1981  For Your Eyes Only		Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1983  Octopussy				Roger Moore	1965
1983* Never Say Never Again		Sean Connery
1985  A View To A Kill			Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1987  The Living Daylights		Timothy Dalton	1965 (novelette)
	* -- Not a Broccoli production


Then a man said: Speak to us of Expectations.

He then said: If a man does not see or hear the waters of the Jordan,
then he should not taste the pomegranate or ply his wares in an open
market.

If a man would not labour in the salt and rock quarries then he should
not accept of the Earth that which he refuses to give of himself.

Such a man would expect a pear of a peach tree.
Such a man would expect a stone to lay an egg.
Such a man would expect Sears to assemble a lawnmower.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Marriage is learning about women the hard way.


Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
		-- Pericles


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #3

	Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.


	Out on the great American desert one day, a bald eagle reached a
state of great libidal distress.  Pickings were slim, but in time, he saw a
dove flying by.  "Better than nothin'", he muttered (birds in jokes can mutter)
and swooped down, grabbed the dove and flew to his nest.  Feathers flew, and
eventually the dove tottered to the edge of the cliff and shouted (yes, they
shout, too):
	"I'm a dove!  I've been loved!  And I LIKE it!"
	Well, this took care of the old boy for a while but soon enough he
was at it again.  All he could find was a lark, so away he went, and feathers
flew and soon the lark tottered to the edge of the cliff and shouted:
	"I'm a lark!  I've been sparked!  And I LIKE it!"
	As you can guess, some time later our friend was again in need of
amor... lib... you know!  This time, all that happened by was... a duck!
So down he swooped, and feathers flew, and the next thing seen is the duck
tottering to the cliffside and shouting:
	"I'M A DRAKE!  THERE'S BEEN A MISTAKE!  AND I DON'T LIKE IT!!!


Q:	What do you call a brunette between two blondes?
A:	An interpreter.

Q:	Why do blondes have square breasts?
A:	They forgot to take the tissues out of the box.

Q:	What do you call ten blonds in a row?
A:	A wind tunnel.


Do your part to help preserve life on
Earth -- by trying to preserve your own.


I don't believe there really IS a GAS SHORTAGE.. I think it's all just
a BIG HOAX on the part of the plastic sign salesmen -- to sell more
numbers!!


I've been feeling kind of jealous,
Of all them well-hung fellas,
Like Michael, Rod, and Mick.		It would have to be a big one,
Tell me, Doctor can you mend me?	A giant, horny love gun,
I've a case of penis envy --		To let me be a jock.
If I only had a dick.			Girls would never beg my pardon,
					They would turn on to my hardon --
					If I only had a cock.
Oh, I can tell you now,
The number of times I'd score,
I could fuck girls like			I would not be just a housewife,
	I never have before,		Living a little mouse-life
And then I'd cum (wee!)			In days that drag out long.
And fuck some more!			I would dance and I'd be merry
					Life would be a ding-a-derry
					If I only had a dong!
		-- to "If I Only Had A Brain", The Wizard of Oz


Dear Lord: Please make my words sweet and tender, for tomorrow I may
have to eat them.


A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a
watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed. As he
looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his
tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully. So preoccupied were
they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led
by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders. The lions charged,
killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting
could not be seen.  A little while later the two kings of the jungle
emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: "Well, that's the end of
the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions."


I'm sorry, but my kharma just ran over your dogma.


You have all the characteristics of a popular politician:
a horrible voice, bad breeding, and a vulgar manner.
		-- Aristophanes


Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full
value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
		-- Mark Twain


Atlee is a very modest man.  And with reason.
		-- Winston Churchill


James Joyce -- an essentially private man who wished his total
indifference to public notice to be universally recognized.
		-- Tom Stoppard


Son, someday a man is going to walk up to you with a deck of cards on which
the seal is not yet broken.  And he is going to offer to bet you that he can
make the Ace of Spades jump out of the deck and squirt cider in your ears.
But son, do not bet this man, for you will end up with an ear full of cider.
		-- Sky Masterson's Father


You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.


In fiction the recourse of the powerless is murder;
in life the recourse of the powerless is petty theft.


Pushing 40 is exercise enough.


He's got the heart of a little child,
and he keeps it in a jar on his desk.


The state law of Pennsylvania prohibits singing in the bathtub.


No plain fanfold paper could hold that fractal Puff --
He grew so fast no plotting pack could shrink him far enough.
Compiles and simulations grew so quickly tame
And swapped out all their data space when Puff pushed his stack frame.
	(refrain)
Puff, he grew so quickly, while others moved like snails
And mini-Puffs would perch themselves on his gigantic tail.
All the student hackers loved that fractal Puff
But DCS did not like Puff, and finally said, "Enough!"
	(refrain)
Puff used more resources than DCS could spare.
The operator killed Puff's job -- he didn't seem to care.
A gloom fell on the hackers; it seemed to be the end,
But Puff trapped the exception, and grew from naught again!
	(refrain)
Refrain:
	Puff the fractal dragon was written in C,
	And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory.
	Puff the fractal dragon was written in C,
	And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory.


All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "The Book of Bokonon"


It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain


He who trains his tongue to quote the learned
sages, will be known far and wide as a smart ass.
		-- Howard Kandel


What, after all, is a halo?  It's only one more thing to keep clean.
		-- Christopher Fry


QOTD:
	"Sure, I turned down a drink once.  Didn't understand the question."


We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


And he climbed with the lad up the Eiffelberg Tower.  "This," cried the Mayor,
"is your town's darkest hour!  The time for all Whos who have blood that is red
to come to the aid of their country!" he said.  "We've GOT to make noises in
greater amounts!  So, open your mouth, lad!  For every voice counts!"  Thus he
spoke as he climbed.  When they got to the top, the lad cleared his throat and
he shouted out, "YOPP!"
	And that Yopp...  That one last small, extra Yopp put it over!
Finally, at last!  From the speck on that clover their voices were heard!
They rang out clear and clean.  And they elephant smiled.  "Do you see what
I mean?" They've proved they ARE persons, no matter how small.  And their
whole world was saved by the smallest of All!"
	"How true!  Yes, how true," said the big kangaroo.  "And, from now
on, you know what I'm planning to do?  From now on, I'm going to protect
them with you!"  And the young kangaroo in her pouch said, "ME TOO!  From
the sun in the summer.  From rain when it's fall-ish, I'm going to protect
them.  No matter how small-ish!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "Horton Hears a Who"


He:	"Hey, Baby, I'd sure like to get in your pants!"
She:	"No, thanks, I've already got one asshole in there now."


If God hadn't wanted you to be paranoid,
He wouldn't have given you such a vivid imagination.


In a medium in which a News Piece takes a minute and an "In-Depth"
Piece takes two minutes, the Simple will drive out the Complex.
		-- Frank Mankiewicz


Eat, drink, and be merry!  Tomorrow you may be in Utah.


When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.
By the time I was 20, he had made great improvement.


There's a vas deferens between men and women.


There is only one word for aid that is genuinely without strings,
and that word is blackmail.
		-- Colm Brogan


Evangelists do it with Him watching.


Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking,
unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
		-- Edward Gibbon


ACADEMY:
	A modern school where football is taught.
INSTITUTE:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.


Heisenberg may have been here.


		Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence
1.	Never use an elevator in a building that has been hit by a
		nuclear bomb, use the stairs.
2.	When you're flying through the air, remember to roll
		when you hit the ground.
3.	If you're on fire, avoid gasoline and other flammable materials.
4.	Don't attempt communication with dead people; it will only lead
		to psychological problems.
5.	Food will be scarce, you will have to scavenge.  Learn to recognize
		foods that will be available after the bomb: mashed potatoes,
		shredded wheat, tossed salad, ground beef, etc.
6.	Put your hand over your mouth when you sneeze, internal organs
		will be scarce in the post-nuclear age.
7.	Try to be neat, fall only in designated piles.
8.	Drive carefully in "Heavy Fallout" areas, people could be
		staggering illegally.
9.	Nutritionally, hundred dollar bills are equal to one's, but more
		sanitary due to limited circulation.
10.	Accumulate mannequins now, spare parts will be in short
		supply on D-Day.


When you're in command, command.
		-- Admiral Nimitz


Mother Earth is not flat!


A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.


Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.


Q:	How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to observe how the lightbulb
	itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective
	reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a
	maudlin cosmos of nothingness.


Cropp's Law:
	The amount of work done varies inversely
	with the time spent in the office.


A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed
on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new
game.  Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the
pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly
along it at the water's edge.  Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their
heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn
around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite
direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.  Then, the
paper reports, "The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin
colony and overfly it.  Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins
fall over gently onto their backs.
		-- Audubon Society Magazine

[From the BBC, 2001-02-02:
	For five weeks, a team from the British Antarctic Survey (BAS)
monitored 1,000 king penguins on the island of South Georgia as Lynx
helicopters passed overhead.
	"Not one king penguin fell over when the helicopters came over,"
said team leader Dr. Richard Stone.
	"As the aircraft approached, the birds went quiet and stopped
calling to each other, and adolescent birds that were not associated
with nests began walking away from the noise. Pure animal instinct,
really."
	The conclusion, said Dr. Stone, is that flights over 305 metres
(1,000 feet) caused "only minor and transitory ecological effects" on
king penguins.]


He who farts in church must sit in his own pew.


On a cannibal isle near Malaysia
Lives a lady they call Anastasia.
	Not Russian elite-
	She's eager to eat
Whatever or whoever lays her.


Kissing your hand may make you feel very good, but a diamond and
sapphire bracelet lasts for ever.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"


Hugh Hefner is a virgin.


Its name is Public Opinion.  It is held in reverence.
It settles everything.  Some think it is the voice of God.
		-- Mark Twain


Can't open /usr/share/games/fortune/fortunes.dat.


Every young man should have a hobby: learning how to handle money is
the best one.
		-- Jack Hurley


Aliquid melius quam pessimum optimum non est.


United Nations, New York, December 25.  The peace and joy of the Christmas
season was marred by a proclamation of a general strike of all the military
forces of the world.  Panic reigns in the hearts of all the patriots of
every persuasion.  Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all-time
low over the world.
		-- Isaac Asimov


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

1. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR DOCTOR TO SHARE YOUR DISCOMFORT.
	Involvement with the patient's suffering might cause him to lose
	valuable scientific objectivity.

2. BE CHEERFUL AT ALL TIMES.
	Your doctor leads a busy and trying life and requires all the
	gentleness and reassurance he can get.

3. TRY TO SUFFER FROM THE DISEASE FOR WHICH YOU ARE BEING TREATED.
	Remember that your doctor has a professional reputation to uphold.


Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
And he laughing said to me:
"Pipe a song about a Lamb!"
So I piped with merry cheer.
"Piper, pipe that song again;"
So I piped: he wept to hear.
		-- William Blake, "Songs of Innocence"


I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"


To Theodore Roosevelt:
	You are like the Wind and I like the Lion.  You form the Tempest.
The sand stings my eyes and the Ground is parched.  I roar in defiance but
you do not hear.  But between us there is a difference.  I, like the lion,
must remain in my place.  While you, like the wind, will never know yours.
		Mulay Hamid El Raisuli
		Lord of the Riff
		Sultan to the Berbers
		Last of the Barbary Pirates


Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
		-- The Mad Dogtender


Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.


