Necessity hath no law.
		-- Oliver Cromwell


So here was this fellow of Strensall
Whose pecker was shaped like a pencil,
	Anemic, 'tis true,
	But an interesting screw,
Inasmuch as the tip was prehensile.


There are two jazz musicians who are great buddies.  They hang out and play
together for years, virtually inseparable.  Unfortunately, one of them is
struck by a truck and killed.  About a week later his friend wakes up in
the middle of the night with a start because he can feel a presence in the
room.  He calls out, "Who's there?  Who's there?  What's going on?"
	"It's me -- Bob," replies a faraway voice.
	Excitedly he sits up in bed.  "Bob!  Bob!  Is that you?  Where are
you?"
	"Well," says the voice, "I'm in heaven now."
	"Heaven!  You're in heaven!  That's wonderful!  What's it like?"
	"It's great, man.  I gotta tell you, I'm jamming up here every day.
I'm playing with Bird, and 'Trane, and Count Basie drops in all the time!
Man it is smokin'!"
	"Oh, wow!" says his friend. "That sounds fantastic, tell me more,
tell me more!"
	"Let me put it this way," continues the voice.  "There's good news
and bad news.  The good news is that these guys are in top form.  I mean
I have *never* heard them sound better.  They are *wailing* up here."
	"The bad news is that God has this girlfriend that sings..."


Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop


You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but
only for a limited period of time.  Why should we think that collectively,
as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?
		-- Ronald Reagan


I'd like to start a new religion.  One that doesn't use a dead young
man as its logo.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"


Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds.
		-- Homer


No job too big; no fee too big!
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghostbusters"


Ask your boss to reconsider --
It's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.


Oh, give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.


QOTD:
	"The forest may be quiet, but that doesn't mean
	the snakes have gone away."


Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.


QOTD:
	I'm not bald -- I'm "hair challenged".

	[I thought that was "differently haired". Ed.]


APL is a write-only language.  I can write programs
in APL, but I can't read any of them.
		-- Roy Keir


No one should have to wait until after ten o'clock for his english muffin!
		-- Snoopy


To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.


New crypt.  See /usr/news/crypt.


You will be run over by a bus.


The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
		-- Anaxagoras


With a bushel of apples, you can have
a hell of a time with the doctor's wife.


After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?  Surely not for
you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply
sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


355/113 --
	Not the famous irrational number PI, but an incredible simulation.


LIFE:
	Learning about people the hard way -- by being one.


If sarcasm were posted on Usenet, would anybody notice?
		-- James Nicoll


Genealogy, n.:
	An account of one's descent from an ancestor
	who did not particularly care to trace his own.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Nostalgia just isn't what it used to be.


The notes blatted skyward as the rose over the Canada geese, feathered
rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen
bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim,
'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
		-- Winning sentence, 1987 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild
and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned
all hope of ever behaving "normally."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"


"Snyder's got a stiff ticket," said Kay,
"Come on, take it out, and let's play."
	He pulled it on out,
	But she started to pout,
His ticket was only a quarter-inch stout.


I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.


Fortune's Guide to Freshman Notetaking:

WHEN THE PROFESSOR SAYS:			YOU WRITE:

Probably the greatest quality of the poetry	John Milton -- born 1608
of John Milton, who was born in 1608, is the
combination of beauty and power.  Few have
excelled him in the use of the English language,
or for that matter, in lucidity of verse form,
'Paradise Lost' being said to be the greatest
single poem ever written."

Current historians have come to			Most of the problems that now
doubt the complete advantageousness		face the United States are
of some of Roosevelt's policies...		directly traceable to the
						bungling and greed of President
						Roosevelt.

... it is possible that we simply do		Professor Mitchell is a
not understand the Russian viewpoint...		communist.


ASS:
	The masculine of "lass".


Second Law of Business Meetings:
	If there are two possible ways to spell a person's name, you
	will pick the wrong one.

Corollary:
	If there is only one way to spell a name,
	you will spell it wrong, anyway.


I wouldn't fuck her with your prick.


If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.


World tensions have, if anything, increased in the quarter century
since H. G. Wells uttered his glum warning:  "There is no more evil
thing on earth than race prejudice, none at all.  I write deliberately
-- it is the worst single thing in life now.  It justifies and holds
together more baseness, cruelty and abomination than any other sort of
error in the world."
		-- Sydney Harris


To err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(18) There is no such thing as "war atrocities." War is an atrocity.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

1. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR DOCTOR TO SHARE YOUR DISCOMFORT.
	Involvement with the patient's suffering might cause him to lose
	valuable scientific objectivity.

2. BE CHEERFUL AT ALL TIMES.
	Your doctor leads a busy and trying life and requires all the
	gentleness and reassurance he can get.

3. TRY TO SUFFER FROM THE DISEASE FOR WHICH YOU ARE BEING TREATED.
	Remember that your doctor has a professional reputation to uphold.


QOTD:
	"I've got one last thing to say before I go; give me back
	all of my stuff."


Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme
personne n'ecoute, il faut toujours recommencer.
		-- A. Gide


QOTD:
	"Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing."


The Great Movie Posters:

She's got the biggest six-shooters in the West!
		-- The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend (1949)

CAST OF 3,000!
4 WRITERS,
2 DIRECTORS,
3 CAMERAMEN,
3 PRODUCERS!
1 YEAR TO MAKE THIS FILM --
24 YEARS TO REHEARSE --
20 YEARS TO DISTRIBUTE!
	BEAUTIFUL BEYOND WORDS!
	AWE-INSPIRING! VITAL!
THE PRINCE OF PEACE PROVIDES THE ANSWER TO EVERY PROBLEM!
Be Brave-bring your troubles and your family to:
	HISTORY'S MOST SUBLIME EVENT! YOU'LL FIND GOD RIGHT IN THERE!
		-- The Prince of Peace (1948).  Starring members of the
		   Wichita Mountain Pageant featuring Millard Coody as Jesus.


How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards
in reasoning, and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
		-- A. Cooper


If A equals success, then the formula is _A = _X + _Y + _Z.  _X is work.  _Y
is play.  _Z is keep your mouth shut.
		-- Albert Einstein


QOTD:
	"I used to beat off so much in the shower, I'd get a hard on every
	time it rained."


To do two things at once is to do neither.
		-- Publilius Syrus


If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble
then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real
harm.


The difference between this school and a cactus plant is that the
cactus has the pricks on the outside.


It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Be frank and explicit with your lawyer ... it is his business to confuse
the issue afterwards.


Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.  Most of us have gears we never use.
		-- C. Schultz


What pains others pleasures me,
At home am I in Lisp or C;
There i couch in ecstasy,
'Til debugger's poke i flee,
Into kernel memory.
In system space, system space, there shall i fare--
Inside of a VAX on a silicon square.


We will follow Zarathustra,		We will worship like the Druids,
Zarathustra like we use to,		Dancing naked in the woods,
I'm a Zarathustra booster,		Drinking strange fermented fluids,
And he's good enough for me!		And it's good enough for me!
(chorus)				(chorus)

In the church of Aphrodite,
The priestess wears a see through nightie,
She's a mighty righteous sightie,
And she's good enough for me!
(chorus)

CHORUS:	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	'Cause it's good enough for me!


Youth.  It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.


Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Fun for everyone.


Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.


Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
		-- P. J. Denning


Japan, n.:
	A fictional place where elves, gnomes and economic imperialists
	create electronic equipment and computers using black magic.  It
	is said that in the capital city of Akihabara, the streets are
	paved with gold and semiconductor chips grow on low bushes from
	which they are harvested by the happy natives.


H:	If a 'GOBLIN (HOB) waylays you,
	Slice him up before he slays you.
	Nothing makes you look a slob
	Like running from a HOB'LIN (GOB).
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


One fall day, two men were out in the woods hunting.  Feeling a sudden need
to relieve himself, George went over to a nearby clump of bushes, unzipped
his fly, and started in when a poisonous snake lunged out of the bushes and
bit him on his penis.  Hearing George's howl of pain and fright, his friend
Fred came running up and told him to lie still while he used the radio to
call a doctor.
	"There's only one way to save your friend's life," said the doctor
gravely.  "If you cut a shallow 'X' over the bite and then suck as much of
the poison out as you can, he'll probably be okay, but otherwise there's not
much hope."
	Hearing Fred's footsteps, George rose weakly up on one elbow and
cried out, "Fred, what'd he say?  What did the doctor say?"
	"George, old friend," said Fred sadly, "he said you're gonna die."


Do your part to help preserve life on
Earth -- by trying to preserve your own.


Doubt is a not a pleasant mental state, but certainty is a ridiculous one.
		-- Voltaire


	It was the next morning that the armies of Twodor marched east
laden with long lances, sharp swords, and death-dealing hangovers.  The
thousands were led by Arrowroot, who sat limply in his sidesaddle,
nursing a whopper.  Goodgulf, Gimlet, and the rest rode by him, praying
for their fate to be quick, painless, and if possible, someone else's.
	Many an hour the armies forged ahead, the war-merinos bleating
under their heavy burdens and the soldiers bleating under their melting
icepacks.
		-- The Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


XML is like violence: if it doesn't solve your problem, you aren't using
enough of it.
		-- XML guru Chris Maden


Oh wad some power the giftie gie us
To see oursel's as others see us!
It wad frae monie a blunder free us,
And foolish notion.
		-- Robert Burns, National Poet of Scotland, 1759-1796


paak, n:	A stadium or inclosed playing field. To put or leave (a
			vehicle) for a time in a certain location.
patato, n:	The starchy, edible tuber of a widely cultivated plant.
Septemba, n:	The 9th month of the year.
shua, n:	Having no doubt; certain.
sista, n:	A female having the same mother and father as the speaker.
tamato, n:	A fleshy, smooth-skinned reddish fruit eaten in salads
			or as a vegetable.
troopa, n:	A state policeman.
Wista, n:	A city in central Masschewsetts.
yaad, n:	A tract of ground adjacent to a building.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space
Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways.
Our asymptotes no longer out of phase,
We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went
on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.


My brother-in-law has found a way to make ends meet.  He goes around
with his head stuck up his ass.


Hark, Hark, the dogs do bark
The Duke is fond of kittens
He likes to take their insides out
And use them for his mittens
		-- "The 13 Clocks"


Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
		-- Groucho Marx


Things past redress and now with me past care.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


Back when I was a boy, it was 40 miles to everywhere,
uphill both ways and it was always snowing.


Italic, adj.:
	Slanted to the right to emphasize key phrases.  Unique to
	Western alphabets; in Eastern languages, the same phrases
	are often slanted to the left.


If I love you, what business is it of yours?
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Here in my heart, I am Helen;
	I'm Aspasia and Hero, at least.
I'm Judith, and Jael, and Madame de Stael;
	I'm Salome, moon of the East.

Here in my soul I am Sappho;
	Lady Hamilton am I, as well.
In me Recamier vies with Kitty O'Shea,
	With Dido, and Eve, and poor Nell.

I'm all of the glamorous ladies
	At whose beckoning history shook.
But you are a man, and see only my pan,
	So I stay at home with a book.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Sweet sixteen is beautiful Bess,
And her voice is changing -- from "No" to "Yes".


The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount
Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant is forever blessed.
		-- Old Japanese proverb


Farmers in the Iowa State survey rated machinery breakdowns more
stressful than divorce.
		-- Wall Street Journal


You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a
plowshare, your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture.
		-- Business Professor, University of Georgia


If God doesn't destroy San Francisco,
He should apologize to Sodom and Gomorrah.


My, how you've changed since I've changed.


Uppers are no longer stylish, methedrine is almost as rare as pure acid
or DMT.  "Consciousness Expansion" went out with LBJ and it is worth
noting, historically, that downers came in with Nixon.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson


A gentleman never strikes a lady with his hat on.
		-- Fred Allen


Lank:	Here we go.  We're about to set a new record.
Earl:	(to the crowd) How about a date?
Lank:	We've done it.  Earl has set a new record.  Turned down by
	20,000 women.
		-- Lank and Earl


Women, when they have made a sheep of a man,
always tell him that he is a lion with a will of iron.
		-- Honore de Balzac


User hostile.


It was this guy's first day in the penitentiary; he was in a cell with a
huge burley inmate, and he was pretty nervous.  At lights-out, the inmate
jumped out of his bunk, and, turning to our hero, said, "We're going to
have sex!  You want to be the Mommy or the Daddy?"
	A very terrified hero managed to squeak out, "Uh, well, uh, I guess
I'll be the Daddy."
	"OK," smiled his roommate, "get down here and suck your Momma's dick!"


Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
		-- Homer


Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans;
it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
		-- Horace


Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...


A young woman was afflicted with three brothers who had a friendly competition
as to who was the best practical joker.  When she announced her marriage,
like all good brothers, they immediately found out where the honeymoon would
be and repaired there to do their worst, er, best.  The brother who was a
carpenter went first, and came back out in five minutes.  The brother who
worked as a plumber went second and was out in about half an hour.  Finally,
the brother employed as a dentist went inside and came out almost immediately.
A few days after the start of their sister's honeymoon the brothers each
received a telegram from their sister.  It read:

	I liked the couch falling apart when we sat on it.  I was amused
	when the shower went cold five minutes after it started.  But I'm
	going to kill whoever put the novocaine into the KY jelly...


I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
		-- Fred Allen

[Also attributed to S. Clay Wilson.  Ed.]


Got a dictionary?  I want to know the meaning of life.


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough
to take it all away.
		-- Barry Goldwater


Politics, as a practice, whatever its professions, has always been the
systematic organisation of hatreds.
		-- Henry Adams, "The Education of Henry Adams"


The only difference between your girlfriend
and a barracuda is the nail polish.


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Compiler optimizations have been made to macro expand LET into a WITHOUT-
INTERRUPTS special form so that it can PUSH things into a stack in the
LET-OPTIMIZATION area, SETQ the variables and then POP them back when it's
done.  Don't worry about this unless you use multiprocessing.
Note that LET *could* have been defined by:

	(LET ((LET '`(LET ((LET ',LET))
			,LET)))
	`(LET ((LET ',LET))
		,LET))

This is believed to speed up execution by as much as a factor of 1.01 or
3.50 depending on whether you believe our friendly marketing representatives.
This code was written by a new programmer here (we snatched him away from
Itty Bitti Machines where we was writing COUGHBOL code) so to give him
confidence we trusted his vows of "it works pretty well" and installed it.


I'm prepared for all emergencies but
totally unprepared for everyday life.


Duct tape is like the force.  It has a light side,
and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
		-- Carl Zwanzig


No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
		-- C. Schulz


Over the shoulder supervision is more a
need of the manager than the programming task.


If your sexual fantasies were truly of interest to others, they would no
longer be fantasies.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


Have you locked your file cabinet?


Slowly and surely the Unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...


If the grass is greener on other side of fence,
consider what may be fertilizing it.


Over the years, I've developed my sense of deja vu so acutely that now
I can remember things that *have* happened before ...


10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.


	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.


The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!


There is a vast difference between the savage and civilized man, but it
is never apparent to their wives until after breakfast.
		-- Helen Rowland


Q:	What do you do with an elephant with three balls?
A:	Walk him and pitch to the rhino.


Kennedy's Market Theorem:
	Given enough inside information and unlimited credit,
	you've got to go broke.


Liberals are the first to dump you if you con them or get into
trouble.  Conservatives are better.  They never run out on you.
		-- Joseph "Crazy Joe" Gallo


First there was Dial-A-Prayer, then Dial-A-Recipe, and even Dial-A-Footballer.
But the south-east Victorian town of Sale has produced one to top them all.
Dial-A-Wombat.
	It all began early yesterday when Sale police received a telephone
call: "You won't believe this, and I'm not drunk, but there's a wombat in the
phone booth outside the town hall," the caller said.
	Not firmly convinced about the caller's claim to sobriety, members of
the constabulary drove to the scene, expecting to pick up a drunk.
	But there it was, an annoyed wombat, trapped in a telephone booth.
	The wombat, determined not to be had the better of again, threw its
bulk into the fray. It was eventually lassoed and released in a nearby scrub.
	Then the officers received another message ... another wombat in
another phone booth.
	There it was: *Another* angry wombat trapped in a telephone booth.
	The constables took the miffed marsupial into temporary custody and
released it, too, in the scrub.
	But on their way back to the station they happened to pass another
telephone booth, and -- you guessed it -- another imprisoned wombat.
	After some serious detective work, the lads in blue found a suspect,
and after questioning, released him to be charged on summons.
	Their problem ... they cannot find a law against placing wombats in
telephone booths.
		-- "Newcastle Morning Herald", NSW Australia, Aug 1980


Little Boy Blue -- He needed the money.
		-- Andrew "Dice" Clay


A new lumberjack had just finished his first month in the lonely wilds of
Alaska, where there were no women for miles.  He finally couldn't take it
anymore and nervously asked the foreman what the other men did to relieve
the pressure.
	"Try the hole in the barrel outside the shower," suggested the
foreman.  "The other men swear by it."
	The lumberjack dubiously tried it out and had the experience of
his life.  "That barrel is fantastic!  Warm!  Wet!  I'm going to use it
every day!"
	"Every day but the third Wednesday of the month," one of the
other men replied.
	"Why not then?"
	"That's your day in the barrel."


It's not pretty being easy.


To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.


Telephone books are like dictionaries -- if you know the answer before
you look it up, you can eventually reaffirm what you thought you knew
but weren't sure.  But if you're searching for something you don't
already know, your fingers could walk themselves to death.
		-- Erma Bombeck


It's a .88 magnum -- it goes through schools.
		-- Danny Vermin


And miles to go before I sleep.


The police were investigating the mysterious death of a prominent businessman
who had jumped from a window of his 11th story office.  His voluptuous private
secretary could offer no explanation for the action but said that her boss had
been acting peculiarly ever since she started working for him a month ago.
	"After my very first week on the job," she said, "I received a
twenty-dollar raise.  At the end of the second week he called me into his
private office, gave me a lovely black nightie, five pairs of nylon stockings
and said, 'These are for a beautiful, efficient secretary.'  At the end of the
third week he gave me a gorgeous mink stole.  Then, this afternoon, he called me
into his private office again, presented me with this fabulous diamond bracelet
and asked me if I would consider making love to him and what it would cost.
I told him I would, and because he had been so nice to me, he could have it
for five dollars, although I was charging all the other boys in the office ten
dollars.  That's when he jumped out the window."


You can build a throne out of bayonets, but you can't sit on it for very long.
		-- Boris Yeltsin


Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and
without greatness. Those who have greatness within them do not go in
for politics.
		-- Albert Camus


Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others.  Bozos are people who band
together for fun and profit.  They have no jobs.  Anybody who goes on a
tour is a Bozo. Why does a Bozo cross the street?  Because there's a Bozo
on the other side. It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others.
They're the huge, fat, middle waist.  The archetype is an Irish drunk
clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin.  Fields, William Bendix.
Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness.  It has Oz in it.  They mean
well.  They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes.  They
like their comforts.  The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time,
which is all the time.
		-- The Firesign Theatre, "If Bees Lived Inside Your Head"


Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

DC	Divide and Conquer
DMPK	Destroy Memory Protect Key
DO	Divide and Overflow
EMPC	Emulate Pocket Calculator
EPI	Execute Programmer Immediately
EROS	Erase Read Only Storage
EXCE	Execute Customer Engineer
HCF	Halt and Catch Fire
IBP	Insert Bug and Proceed
INSQSW	Insert into queue somewhere (for FINO queues [First in never out])
PBC	Print and Break Chain
PDSK	Punch Disk


If a system is administered wisely,
its users will be content.
They enjoy hacking their code
and don't waste time implementing
labor-saving shell scripts.
Since they dearly love their accounts,
they aren't interested in other machines.
There may be telnet, rlogin, and ftp,
but these don't access any hosts.
There may be an arsenal of cracks and malware,
but nobody ever uses them.
People enjoy reading their mail,
take pleasure in being with their newsgroups,
spend weekends working at their terminals,
delight in the doings at the site.
And even though the next system is so close
that users can hear its key clicks and biff beeps,
they are content to die of old age
without ever having gone to see it.


There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who
comes to visit.


To whom the mornings are like nights,
What must the midnights be!
		-- Emily Dickinson (on hacking?)


Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
		-- Kin Hubbard, "Abe Martin's Sayings"


APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection.  It is the language of the
future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation
of coding bums.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


As the Catholic church becomes more and more tolerant, some day they will
have to consider the possibility of a gay pope.  Possibly the largest
issue will be having to decide whether he is "absolutely divine" or "just
simply marvelous."


He was a modest, good-humored boy.  It was Oxford that made him
insufferable.


Minicomputer:
	A computer that can be afforded on the budget of a middle-level
	manager.


Grownups are reluctant to take science fiction seriously, and with good
reason: sci-fi is a hormonal activity, not a literary one.  Its traditional
concerns are all pubescent.  Secondary sexual characteristics are everywhere,
disguised.  Aliens have tentacles.  Telepathy allows you to have sex without
any nasty inconvenience of touching.  Womblike spaceships provide balanced
meals.  No one ever has to grow old -- body parts are replaceable, like
Job's daughters, and if you're lucky you can become a robot.  As for the
adult world, it's simply not there; political systems tend to be naively
authoritarian (there are more lords in science fiction than on public
television) and are often ruled by young boys on quests.  The most popular
sci-fi book in years, Frank Herbert's Dune, sold millions of copies by
combining all these themes: it ends with its adolescent hero conquering the
universe while straddling a giant worm.
		-- Arnold Klein


MARRIAGE:
	An old, established institution, entered into by two people deeply
	in love and desiring to make a commitment to each other expressing
	that love.  In short, commitment to an institution.


Sex discriminates against the shy and ugly.


I'm sorry, but my kharma just ran over your dogma.


Committee, n.:
	A group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group
	decide that nothing can be done.
		-- Fred Allen


Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.


Give me a fish and I will eat today.
Teach me to fish and I will eat forever.


Regnant populi.


"One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative."

Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
		-- Chuq Von Rospach


Today is the first day of the rest of your life.


Never have children, only grandchildren.
		-- Gore Vidal


The kings of Peru were the Incas,
Who were known far and wide as great drincas.
	They worshiped the sun
	And had lots of fun,
But the peasants all thought they were stincas.


Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.


Second Law of Business Meetings:
	If there are two possible ways to spell a person's name, you
	will pick the wrong one.

Corollary:
	If there is only one way to spell a name,
	you will spell it wrong, anyway.


Say my love is easy had,
Say I'm bitten raw with pride,
Say I am too often sad --
Still behold me at your side.

Say I'm neither brave nor young,
Say I woo and coddle care,
Say the devil touched my tongue,
Still you have my heart to wear.

But say my verses do not scan,
And I get me another man!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Fighting Words"


Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.


The only psychologically damaging thing about masturbation is
that there's nobody else to blame later for persuading you to do it.


	A sheet of paper crossed my desk the other day and as I read it,
realization of a basic truth came over me.  So simple!  So obvious we couldn't
see it.  John Knivlen, Chairman of Palomar Repeater Club, an amateur radio
group, had discovered how IC circuits work.  He says that smoke is the thing
that makes ICs work because every time you let the smoke out of an IC circuit,
it stops working.  He claims to have verified this with thorough testing.
	I was flabbergasted!  Of course!  Smoke makes all things electrical
work.  Remember the last time smoke escaped from your Lucas voltage regulator
Didn't it quit working?  I sat and smiled like an idiot as more of the truth
dawned.  It's the wiring harness that carries the smoke from one device to
another in your Mini, MG or Jag.  And when the harness springs a leak, it lets
the smoke out of everything at once, and then nothing works.  The starter motor
requires large quantities of smoke to operate properly, and that's why the wire
going to it is so large.
	Feeling very smug, I continued to expand my hypothesis.  Why are Lucas
electronics more likely to leak than say Bosch?  Hmmm...  Aha!!!  Lucas is
British, and all things British leak!  British convertible tops leak water,
British engines leak oil, British displacer units leak hydrostatic fluid, and
I might add British tires leak air, and the British defense unit leaks
secrets... so naturally British electronics leak smoke.
		-- Jack Banton, PCC Automotive Electrical School


Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
		-- Albert Einstein


When you speak to others for their own good it's advice;
when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.


