For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat,
and wrong.
		-- H. L. Mencken


It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
		-- Walt Disney


I've been in more laps than a napkin.
		-- Mae West


Toilet Toupee, n.:
	Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus
	creating endless annoyance to male users.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter
it every six months.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Sam:  What's new, Norm?
Norm: Most of my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Spy Who Came in for a Cold One

Coach: Beer, Norm?
Norm:  Naah, I'd probably just drink it.
		-- Cheers, Now Pitching, Sam Malone

Coach:	What's doing, Norm?
Norm:	Well, science is seeking a cure for thirst.  I happen
	to be the guinea pig.
		-- Cheers, Let Me Count the Ways


Share and enjoy, share and enjoy.
Journey through life with a plastic boy or girl by your side.
Let your pal be your guide.
And when it breaks down or starts to annoy,
	or grinds when it moves and gives you no joy,
	'cause it digs up your hat,
	or has sex with your cat,
	sprays oil on your wall or rips off your door,
	and you get to the point you can't stand any more.
Bring it to us, we won't give a shit.
We'll tell you: "Go stick your head in a pig".


I don't remember ever having had the itch, and yet scratching is
one of nature's sweet pleasures, and so handy.


It's from Casablanca.  I've been waiting all my life to use that line.
		-- Woody Allen, "Play It Again, Sam"


MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING


I'm not a pheasant plucker,
I'm a pheasant plucker's son.
I'm just a'plucking pheasants
'Til the pheasant plucker comes.
		-- The Irish Rovers


Q:	Somebody just posted that Roman Polanski directed Star Wars.
	What should I do?
A:	Post the correct answer at once!  We can't have people go on
	believing that!  Very good of you to spot this.  You'll probably
	be the only one to make the correction, so post as soon as you can.
	No time to lose, so certainly don't wait a day, or check to see if
	somebody else has made the correction.

	And it's not good enough to send the message by mail.  Since you're
	the only one who really knows that it was Francis Coppola, you have
	to inform the whole net right away!
		-- Brad Templeton, "Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions
		   on Netiquette"


... "fire" does not matter, "earth" and "air" and "water" do not matter.
"I" do not matter.  No word matters.  But man forgets reality and remembers
words.  The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him.
He looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see
them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time.
Their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he
knows them in the naming.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"


A New York City ordinance prohibits the shooting of rabbits from the
rear of a Third Avenue street car -- if the car is in motion.


Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
		-- Erma Bombeck


	An old Jewish man reads about Einstein's theory of relativity
in the newspaper and asks his scientist grandson to explain it to him.
	"Well, zayda, it's sort of like this.  Einstein says that if
you're having your teeth drilled without Novocain, a minute seems like
an hour.  But if you're sitting with a beautiful woman on your lap, an
hour seems like a minute."
	The old man considers this profound bit of thinking for a
moment and says, "And from this he makes a living?"
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Friends, n.:
	People who borrow your books and set wet glasses on them.

	People who know you well, but like you anyway.


Some of them want to use you,
Some of them want to be used by you,
...Everybody's looking for something.
		-- Eurythmics, "Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This)"


Logic is a pretty flower that smells bad.


Love is not the dying moan of a distant violin -- it's the triumphant
twang of a bedspring.
		-- S.J. Perelman


By doing just a little every day, you can
gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.


				FROM THE DESK OF
				Snow White

Dear Snow White:

	Thanks for last night.

		Sleepy, Doc, Grumpy, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful


You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
		-- Frank Hubbard


You are number 6!  Who is number one?


You're never too old to become younger.
		-- Mae West


This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong.
		-- Wolfgang Pauli, on a colleague's paper


Three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write.
		-- Trollope


CHASTITY BELT:
	An anti-trust suit.

	(And an unchivalrous knight is the one that files it.)


There's a couple of million dollars worth of baseball talent on the loose,
ready for the big leagues, yet unsigned by any major league.  There are
pitchers who would win 20 games a season ... and outfielders [who] could
hit .350, infielders who could win recognition as stars, and there's at
least one catcher who at this writing is probably superior to Bill Dickey,
Josh Gibson.  Only one thing is keeping them out of the big leagues, the
pigmentation of their skin.  They happen to be colored.
		-- Shirley Povich, 1941


	Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode
into the saloon.  As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man
galloped through town screaming, "Big Mike's comin'!  Run fer yer lives!"
	Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.  An enormous man, standing over
eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a
rattlesnake for a whip.  Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over
the bar, the giant thundered, "Gimme a drink!"
	The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man
guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.  He then stood aghast as
the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and
smacked his lips with relish.
	"Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?" the drifter stammered.
	"Naw, I gotta git outta here, boy," the man grunted.  "Big Mike's
a-comin'."


Encyclopedia Salesmen:
	Invite them all in.  Nip out the back door.  Phone the police
	and tell them your house is being burgled.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky


You buy a judge by weight, like iron in a junk yard.  A justice of the
peace or a magistrate can be had for a five-dollar bill.  In the
municipal courts, he will cost you ten.  In the circuit or superior
courts, he wants fifteen.  The state appellate courts or the state
supreme court is on a par with the Federal courts.  By the time a judge
reaches such courts, he is middle-aged, thick around the middle, fat
between the ears.  He's heavy.  You can't buy a Federal judge for less
than a twenty-dollar bill.
		-- Jake "Greasy Thumb" Guzik


Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more
"user-friendly".  ...  Their best approach, so far, has been to take all
the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover.
		-- Bill Gates, Microsoft, Inc.


Honeymoon, n.:
	A short period of doting between dating and debting.
		-- Ray C. Bandy


In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


QOTD:
	"My penis is better than corn, because corn doesn't squeal when
	you stick those little prongs into it."
		-- Mark-Jason Dominus


Tom Hayden is the kind of politician who gives opportunism a bad name.
		-- Gore Vidal


Biz is better.


You are magnetic in your bearing.


Bahdges?  We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
		-- "The Treasure of Sierra Madre"


Hale Mail Rule, The:
	When you are ready to reply to a letter, you will lack at least
	one of the following:
			(a) A pen or pencil or typewriter.
			(b) Stationery.
			(c) Postage stamp.
			(d) The letter you are answering.


Joshu:	What is the true Way?
Nansen:	Every way is the true Way.
J:	Can I study it?
N:	The more you study, the further from the Way.
J:	If I don't study it, how can I know it?
N:	The Way does not belong to things seen: nor to things unseen.
	It does not belong to things known: nor to things unknown.  Do
	not seek it, study it, or name it.  To find yourself on it, open
	yourself as wide as the sky.


You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
		-- Joel Chandler Harris, proverbs of Uncle Remus


Rubber bands have snappy endings!


No is no negative in a woman's mouth.
		-- Sidney


Hear about...
	the man who never worried about his marriage until he moved from New
	York to California and discovered that he still had the same milkman?


We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is
in it - and stay there, lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot
stove-lid.  She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again - and that
is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one any more.
		-- Mark Twain


Congratulations are in order for Tom Reid.

He says he just found out he is the winner of the 2021 Psychic of the
Year award.


The little girl expects no declaration of tenderness from her doll.
She loves it -- and that's all.  It is thus that we should love.
		-- DeGourmont


Limericks are art forms complex,
Their topics run chiefly to sex.
	They usually have virgins,
	And masculine urgin's,
And other erotic effects.


I lately lost a preposition;
It hid, I thought, beneath my chair
And angrily I cried, "Perdition!
Up from out of under there."

Correctness is my vade mecum,
And straggling phrases I abhor,
And yet I wondered, "What should he come
Up from out of under for?"
		-- Morris Bishop


Q:	Why do WASPs play golf?
A:	So they can dress like pimps.


One seldom sees a monument to a committee.


If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble
then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real
harm.


There is Good Information and there is Bad Information and the
Internet is generally pretty neutral about the difference. If you're
a computer, it's all just 0s and 1s.
		-- Joel Achenbach


I thought Jackie O. was something you did in the bathroom.
		-- Strange de Jim


Etymology, n.:
	Some early etymological scholars came up with derivations that
	were hard for the public to believe.  The term 'etymology' was
	formed from the Latin 'etus' ("eaten"), the root 'mal' ("bad"),
	and 'logy' ("study of").  It meant "the study of things that are
	hard to swallow."
		-- Mike Kellen


Pilfering Treasure property is particularly dangerous: big thieves are
ruthless in punishing little thieves.
		-- Diogenes


Brandy Davis, an outfielder and teammate of mine with the Pittsburgh Pirates,
is my choice for team captain.  Cincinnati was beating us 3-1, and I led
off the bottom of the eighth with a walk.  The next hitter banged a hard
single to right field.  Feeling the wind at my back, I rounded second and
kept going, sliding safely into third base.
	With runners at first and third, and home-run hitter Ralph Kiner at
bat, our manager put in the fast Brandy Davis to run for the player at first.
Even with Kiner hitting and a change to win the game with a home run, Brandy
took off for second and made it.  Now we had runners at second and third.
	I'm standing at third, knowing I'm not going anywhere, and see Brandy
start to take a lead.  All of a sudden, here he comes.  He makes a great slide
into third, and I scream, "Brandy, where are you going?"  He looks up, and
shouts, "Back to second if I can make it."
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"


Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the
repairman arrives.


The Commandments of the EE:

9:	Trifle thee not with radioactive tubes and substances lest thou
	commence to glow in the dark like a lightning bug, and thy wife be
	frustrated and have not further use for thee except for thy wages.
10:	Commit thou to memory all the words of the prophets which are
	written down in thy Bible which is the National Electrical Code,
	and giveth out with the straight dope and consoleth thee when
	thou hast suffered a ream job by the chief electrician.
11:	When thou muckest about with a device in an unthinking and/or
	unknowing manner, thou shalt keep one hand in thy pocket.  Better
	that thou shouldest keep both hands in thy pockets than
	experimentally determine the electrical potential of an
	innocent-seeming device.


Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near
the earth's surface relative to other matter; second, telling other people
to do so.
		-- Bertrand Russell


I'm successful because I'm lucky.
The harder I work, the luckier I get.


Has the great art and mystery of politics no apparent utility? Does it
appear to be unqualifiedly ratty, raffish, sordid, obscene and low down,
and its salient virtuosi a gang of unmitigated scoundrels?  Then let us
not forget its high capacity to soothe and tickle the midriff, its
incomparable services as a maker of entertainment.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.


Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.


He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
		-- John LeCarre


If you are not for yourself, who will be for you?
If you are for yourself, then what are you?
If not now, when?


Floppy now, hard later.


Professor Gorden Newell threw another shutout in last week's Chem Eng. 130
midterm.  Once again a student did not receive a single point on his exam.
Newell has now tossed 5 shutouts this quarter.  Newell's earned exam average
has now dropped to a phenomenal 30%.


There are only two things in this world that I am sure of, death and
taxes, and we just might do something about death one of these days.
		-- shades


It's the same old story; boy meets beer, boy drinks beer...
boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers


Euch ist bekannt, was wir beduerfen;
Wir wollen stark Getraenke schluerfen.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust"


Here I am again right where I know I shouldn't be
I've been caught inside this trap too many times
I must've walked these steps and said these words a
	thousand times before
It seems like I know everybody's lines.
		-- David Bromberg, "How Late'll You Play 'Til?"


It's all in the mind, ya know.


The little old lady rushed into the taxidermist and unwrapped a package
containing two recently deceased monkeys.  Her instructions to the proprietor
were delivered in a welter of tears.
	"Favorite pets... (blubber,sob)... caught cold... (moan)...  Don't
see how I'll live without them... (weep,sob)... want to have them stuffed...
(blubber,blubber)!"
	"Of course, madam," said the proprietor in an understanding voice,
"and would you care to have them mounted?"
	"Oh, no," she sobbed, "shaking hands.  They were just close friends."


Objects are lost only because people
look where they are not rather than where they are.


	An Israeli soldier was checking travelers' papers on a road, when a
man and a heavily pregnant woman on a donkey came by.  "Your names please?"
said the soldier.
	"My name is Mary," said the woman.
	"And mine is Joseph," said the man.
	"Oh," said the soldier, a little taken aback, "And where are you
going?"
	"To Bethlehem."
	"Your reason for going there?"
	"To pay our taxes to the government."
	"Tell me," said the soldier, "are you going to name the baby Jesus?"
	"Of course not," said the woman, "What do you think we are, Puerto
Ricans?"


That's life.
	What's life?
A magazine.
	How much does it cost?
Two-fifty.
	I only have a dollar.
That's life.


Fortune's graffito of the week (or maybe even month):

		Don't Write On Walls!

		   (and underneath)

		You want I should type?


Absence makes the heart grow fonder -- of somebody else.


		Safety Tips for the Post-Nuclear Existence
1.	Never use an elevator in a building that has been hit by a
		nuclear bomb, use the stairs.
2.	When you're flying through the air, remember to roll
		when you hit the ground.
3.	If you're on fire, avoid gasoline and other flammable materials.
4.	Don't attempt communication with dead people; it will only lead
		to psychological problems.
5.	Food will be scarce, you will have to scavenge.  Learn to recognize
		foods that will be available after the bomb: mashed potatoes,
		shredded wheat, tossed salad, ground beef, etc.
6.	Put your hand over your mouth when you sneeze, internal organs
		will be scarce in the post-nuclear age.
7.	Try to be neat, fall only in designated piles.
8.	Drive carefully in "Heavy Fallout" areas, people could be
		staggering illegally.
9.	Nutritionally, hundred dollar bills are equal to one's, but more
		sanitary due to limited circulation.
10.	Accumulate mannequins now, spare parts will be in short
		supply on D-Day.


The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.


When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course
is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


I'm not a real movie star -- I've still got the same wife I started out
with twenty-eight years ago.
		-- Will Rogers


If a man stay away from his wife for seven years, the law presumes the
separation to have killed him; yet according to our daily experience,
it might well prolong his life.
		-- Charles Darling, "Scintillae Juris, 1877


I refuse to consign the whole male sex to the nursery.  I insist on
believing that some men are my equals.
		-- Brigid Brophy


The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two
chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
		-- Carl G. Jung


The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another
mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same
being who produces the impressions.
		-- Marquis D. A. F. de Sade


How can you say that the world isn't
Jewish, when the sun's real name is Sol?


Many people feel that they deserve some kind of
recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.


Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
		-- Marvin, from
		   Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Why do we want intelligent terminals
when there are so many stupid users?


Heaven, n.:
	A place where the wicked cease from troubling you with talk of
	their personal affairs, and the good listen with attention
	while you expound your own.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


	During a grouse hunt in North Carolina two intrepid sportsmen were
blasting away at a clump of trees near a stone wall.  Suddenly a red-face
country squire popped his head over the wall and shouted, "Hey, you almost
hit my wife."
	"Did I?" cried one hunter, aghast.  "Terribly sorry.  Have a shot
at mine, over there."


It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
		-- Walt Disney


Chess tonight.


It appears that PL/I (and its dialects) is, or will be, the
most widely used higher level language for systems programming.
		-- J. Sammet


	Excellence is THE trend of the '80s.  Walk into any shopping
mall bookstore, go to the rack where they keep the best-sellers such as
"Garfield Gets Spayed", and you'll see a half-dozen books telling you
how to be excellent: "In Search of Excellence", "Finding Excellence",
"Grasping Hold of Excellence", "Where to Hide Your Excellence at Night
So the Cleaning Personnel Don't Steal It", etc.
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"


Sex is low in calories, and *oooh* that aftertaste!


QOTD:
	"Wouldn't it be wonderful if real life supported control-Z?"


You can fool all the people all of the time if the advertising is right
and the budget is big enough.
		-- Joseph E. Levine


It was pity stayed his hand.  "Pity I don't have any more bullets,"
thought Frito.
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


After years of research, scientists recently reported that there is,
indeed, arroz in Spanish Harlem.


Elliptic paraboloids for sale.


	All I really need to know about how to live and what to do and
how to be I learned in kindergarten.  Wisdom was not at the top of the
graduate-school mountain, but there in the sandpile at Sunday School.
These are the things I learned:
	Share everything.
	Play fair.
	Don't hit people.
	Put things back where you found them.
	Clean up your own mess.
	Don't take things that aren't yours.
	Say you're sorry when you hurt someone.
	Wash your hands before you eat.
	Flush.
	Warm cookies and cold milk are good for you.
	Live a balanced life -- learn some and think some and draw and
paint and sing and dance and play and work every day some.
	Take a nap every afternoon.
	When you go out into the world, watch for traffic, hold hands,
and stick together.
	Be aware of wonder.  Remember the little seed in the Styrofoam
cup:  The roots go down and the plant goes up and nobody really knows
how or why, but we are all like that.
	Goldfish and hamsters and white mice and even the little seed in
the Styrofoam cup -- they all die.  So do we.
	And then remember the Dick-and-Jane books and the first word you
learned -- the biggest word of all -- LOOK.
	Everything you need to know is in there somewhere.  The Golden
Rule and love and basic sanitation.  Ecology and politics and equality
and sane living.
	[...] Think what a better world it would be if we all -- the
whole world -- had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon
and then lay down with our blankets for a nap.  Or if all governments
had as a basic policy to always put things back where they found them
and to clean up their own mess.
	And it is still true, no matter how old you are -- when you go
out into the world, it is best to hold hands and stick together.
		-- Robert Fulghum, "All I Ever Really Needed to Know
		   I Learned in Kindergarten"


A fool and his money are soon popular.


A businessman was awe-struck by the beautiful redhead at the hotel bar.
Seeing his interest, she quietly informed him that she was a prostitute
and that her price was $500.  He was taken aback by the price, but after
a few minutes of thought he took her up to his room.  She spent a few
minutes in the bathroom and was shocked when she came out to see him
masturbating furiously on the bed.  "What are you doing?", she asked.
	"Baby, for $500, you're not going to get the easy one!"


However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity
in my traditional manner... sulking and nausea.
		-- Tom K. Ryan


