Coffee without caffeine.  Beer without alcohol.  Milk without fat.
What's next?  Bridal suites with bunk beds?
		-- Orben's Current Comedy


To you I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the loyal opposition.
		-- Woody Allen


Practical people would be more practical if
they would take a little more time for dreaming.
		-- J. P. McEvoy


As in Protestant Europe, by contrast, where sects divided endlessly into
smaller competing sects and no church dominated any other, all is different
in the fragmented world of IBM.  That realm is now a chaos of conflicting
norms and standards that not even IBM can hope to control.  You can buy a
computer that works like an IBM machine but contains nothing made or sold by
IBM itself.  Renegades from IBM constantly set up rival firms and establish
standards of their own.  When IBM recently abandoned some of its original
standards and decreed new ones, many of its rivals declared a puritan
allegiance to IBM's original faith, and denounced the company as a divisive
innovator.  Still, the IBM world is united by its distrust of icons and
imagery.  IBM's screens are designed for language, not pictures.  Graven
images may be tolerated by the luxurious cults, but the true IBM faith relies
on the austerity of the word.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988


Buffy:	How do you get to be renowned?  I mean like, do you have to be
	nowned first?
Willow:	Yes.  First there is the painful nowning process.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Freshman"
		   Season 1, Episode 1


If the Lord God Almighty had consulted me before embarking upon the Creation,
I would have recommended something simpler.
		-- Alfonso the Wise, 13th Century King of Castile,
		   Commenting on the Almagest, by Ptolemy.


Nothing will ever be attempted
if all possible objections must be first overcome.
		-- Dr. Johnson


Disk crisis, please clean up!


Etiquette is for those with no breeding;
fashion for those with no taste.


Bureau Termination, Law of:
	When a government bureau is scheduled to be phased out,
	the number of employees in that bureau will double within
	12 months after the decision is made.


FORTRAN is a good example of a language
which is easier to parse using ad hoc techniques.
		-- D. Gries
		   [What's good about it?  Ed.]


I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
		-- J. P. Morgan on Teddy Roosevelt's safari


Cinderella 10:
	A woman who sucks and fucks 'til midnight and
	then turns into a pizza and a six-pack.


My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.


A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.


Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
		-- Aldous Huxley


In Greene, New York, it is illegal to eat peanuts and walk backwards on
the sidewalks when a concert is on.


Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing.
		-- Thomas Tusser


Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.


Have you ever stopped to think what it would be like to have a woman
President?  "I can't deal with the Russians today.  Not now.  I've got
my period."
		-- Steven Moore


Who loves not wisely but too well
Will look on Helen's face in hell,
But he whose love is thin and wise
Will view John Knox in Paradise.
		-- Dorothy Parker


What pains others pleasures me,
At home am I in Lisp or C;
There i couch in ecstasy,
'Til debugger's poke i flee,
Into kernel memory.
In system space, system space, there shall i fare--
Inside of a VAX on a silicon square.


Winny and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity...
If you wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your
head... if you wanted to cook, you had to pull off a sweater real quick...
		-- Steven Wright


If ever you want to touch the hand and the heart of God Almighty, you can
do it through the body of someone you love.  Anytime.  Anywhere.  Without
no middleman.
		-- Theodore Sturgeon, "Godbody"


Coward, n.:
	One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


There is only one way to kill capitalism --
by taxes, taxes, and more taxes.
		-- Karl Marx


A Scotsman clad in a kilt walks up to the counter in an Apothecary.  From
his pocket he takes a plaid condom that has been heavily used, torn, patched,
sewn, and is currently split down one side.  He asks the proprietor, "How much
to replace this, Ian?"  The proprietor says, "Why, Angus, that'll be four
pence."  Then the Scotsman asks, "How much to repair?"  The prop. looks the
condom over carefully, and says "Three pence to repair."  The Scotsman ponders
for a moment, then says, "I'll be back."
	Later in the day, the Scotsman returns with a smile on his face and
says, "Ian, the Regiment has voted to repair!"


I thought there was something fishy about the butler.  Probably a Pisces,
working for scale.
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "The Further Adventures of Nick Danger"


The nervous young bride became irritated by her husband's lusty advances on
their wedding night and reprimanded him severely.
	"I demand proper manners in bed," she declared, "just as I do at
the dinner table."
	Amused by his wife's formality, the groom smoothed his rumpled hair
and climbed quietly between the sheets.  "Is that better?" he asked, with a
hint of a smile.
	"Yes," replied the girl, "much better."
	"Very good, darling," the husband whispered.  "Now would you
be so kind as to please pass the pussy?"


If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
		-- Lily Tomlin


It isn't easy being a Friday kind of person in a Monday kind of world.


The most difficult thing about surviving AIDS
is trying to convince your parents that you're Haitian.


HONOR:
	Almost as good as in 'er.


Disraeli was pretty close: actually, there are Lies, Damn lies, Statistics,
Benchmarks, and Delivery dates.


Marijuana is nature's way of saying, "Hi!".


O'Riordan's Theorem:
	Brains x Beauty = Constant.

Purmal's Corollary:
	As the limit of (Brains x Beauty) goes to infinity,
availability goes to zero.


Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.  But flowers work almost as well.
		-- Lazarus Long


Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.
		-- Kernighan


QOTD:
	"He's such a hick he doesn't even have a trapeze in his bedroom."


What will happen when the 32-bit Unix date goes negative in mid-January
2038 does not bear thinking about.
		-- Henry Spencer


Don
Ameche:	I didn't know you had a cousin Penelope, Bill!
	Was she pretty?
W. C.:	Well, her face was so wrinkled it looked like seven miles of
	bad road.  She had so many gold teeth, Don, she use to have
	to sleep with her head in a safe.  She died in Bolivia.
Don:	Oh Bill, it must be hard to lose a relative.
W. C.:	It's almost impossible.
		-- W. C. Fields, "The Further Adventures of Larson E.
		   Whipsnade and other Tarradiddles"


Ask your boss to reconsider --
It's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.


	Them Toad Suckers

How 'bout them toad suckers, ain't they clods?
Sittin' there suckin' them green toady frogs!

Suckin' them hop toads, suckin' them chunkers,
Suckin' them a leapy type, suckin' them flunkers.

Look at them toad suckers, ain't they snappy?
Suckin' them bog frogs sure make's 'em happy!

Them hugger mugger toad suckers, way down south,
Stickin' them sucky toads in they mouth!

How to be a toad sucker, no way to duck it,
Get yourself a toad, rear back, and suck it!
		-- Mason Williams


Now the Lord God planted a garden East of Whittier in a place called
Yorba Linda, and out of the ground he made to grow orange trees that
were good for food and the fruits thereof he labeled SUNKIST ...
		-- "The Begatting of a President"


If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.


You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if
you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is,
and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...


The reason why worry kills more people
than work is that more people worry than work.


Bondage, or as the French call it, ligottage, is the gentle art of tying up
your sex partner --- not to overcome reluctance but to boost orgasm.  It's
one unscheduled sex technique which a lot of people find extremely exciting
but are scared to try, and a venerable human resource for increasing sexual
feeling, partly because it's a harmless expression of sexual aggression --
something we badly need, our culture being very uptight about it -- and more
because of its physical affects: slow orgasm when unable to move is a
mind-blowing experience for anyone not too frightened of their own aggressive
self to try it.
		-- The Joy of Sex


So much
depends
upon
a red

wheel
barrow
glazed with

rain
water
beside
the white
chickens.
		-- William Carlos Williams, "The Red Wheel Barrow"


Terence, this is stupid stuff:
You eat your victuals fast enough;
There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear,
To see the rate you drink your beer.
But oh, good Lord, the verse you make,
It gives a chap the belly-ache.
The cow, the old cow, she is dead;
It sleeps well the horned head:
We poor lads, 'tis our turn now
To hear such tunes as killed the cow.
Pretty friendship 'tis to rhyme
Your friends to death before their time.
Moping, melancholy mad:
Come, pipe a tune to dance to, lad.
		-- A. E. Housman


For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]


The advantage of being celibate is that when one sees a pretty girl one
does not need to grieve over having an ugly one back home.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Propos dun jour"


A woman takes off her claim to respect along with her garments.
		-- Herodotus


Maybe Jesus was right when he said that the meek shall inherit the
earth -- but they inherit very small plots, about six feet by three.
		-- Lazarus Long


Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
And he laughing said to me:
"Pipe a song about a Lamb!"
So I piped with merry cheer.
"Piper, pipe that song again;"
So I piped: he wept to hear.
		-- William Blake, "Songs of Innocence"


WASP, n.:
	Someone who gets out of the shower to take a piss.


New, adj.:
	Different color from previous model.


Udall's Fourth Law:
	Any change or reform you make
	is going to have consequences you don't like.


We'll be recording at the Paradise Friday
night.  Live, on the Death label.
		-- Swan, "Phantom of the Paradise"


I am not an Economist.  I am an honest man!
		-- Paul McCracken


Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches.  If the vending machine
doesn't sell it, they don't eat it.  Vending machines don't sell
quiche.


Most people have two reasons for doing anything --
a good reason, and the real reason.


Quantity is no substitute for quality,
but its the only one we've got.


Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.


No friendship is so cordial or so delicious as that of girl for girl;
no hatred so intense or immovable as that of woman for woman.
		-- Landor


Who does not love wine, women, and song,
Remains a fool his whole life long.
		-- Johann Heinrich Voss


QOTD:
	"I love your outfit, does it come in your size?"


You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.


Everyone is entitled to my opinion.


A diva who specializes in risqu'e arias is an off-coloratura soprano.


When the going gets tough, the tough go grab a beer.


Fidelity, n.:
	A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.


He who invents adages for others to peruse
takes along rowboat when going on cruise.


What is status?
	Status is when the President calls you for your opinion.

Uh, no...
	Status is when the President calls you in to discuss a
	problem with him.

Uh, that still ain't right...
	STATUS is when you're in the Oval Office talking to the President,
	and the phone rings.  The President picks it up, listens for a
	minute, and hands it to you, saying, "It's for you."


SCENARIO:
	An imagined sequence of events that provides the context in
	which a business decision is made.  Scenarios always come in
	sets of three: best case, worst case, and just in case.


Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


It was New Year's Eve and the house was brightly decorated with holiday
trappings.  The only sound that broke the quiet was the click of Grandma's
knitting needles.  The children; Jane, eight and Mary, five, were seated
in front of a cheerily burning fire, leafing through a picture book.
Tiring of this, they went over to Grandma's rocker.  Jane climbed up on
the arm of the chair and Mary snuggled into Grandma's cozy lap.
	"Tell us a story," begged Mary.
	"Oh," said the old lady, laying aside her knitting and wrapping
her arms around the children.  "What story should I tell you?"
	"Tell us our favorite story," whispered little Jane eagerly.
"About the time you were a hooker in Chicago."


When you were born, a big chance was taken for you.


Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.


He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation
perfectly delightful.
		-- Sydney Smith


To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
		-- Randy Goebel


You can always tell the people that are forging the new frontier.
They're the ones with arrows sticking out of their backs.


	A man dies and is getting his tour of heaven.  His guide is pointing
out the various features and landmarks when the man asks, "What's that cliff?"
	"Oh, you don't want to look down there.  That's hell!"
	The man creeps up to the edge and looks over.  He sees lush, green
valleys, verdant farmland and trees everywhere.  "This doesn't look so bad,"
he says.
	Puzzled, the guide comes over and looks down.  "Damn!" he snaps,
"Those Mormons have been irrigating again!"


In Christianity, a man may have only one wife.
This is called Monotony.


Reach into the thoughts of friends,
And find they do not know your name.
Squeeze the teddy bear too tight,
And watch the feathers burst the seams.
Touch the stained glass with your cheek,
And feel its chill upon your blood.
Hold a candle to the night,
And see the darkness bend the flame.
Tear the mask of peace from God,
And hear the roar of souls in hell.
Pluck a rose in name of love,
And watch the petals curl and wilt.
Lean upon the western wind,
And know you are alone.
		-- Dru Mims


We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.  If any of us had been
born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken
out and shot.
		-- Strange de Jim


Fortune favors the lucky.


WARNING!
	This system is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need!
A special circuit in the computer called a "critical detector" senses the
user's emotional state in terms of how desperate they are to get their program
to run.  The "critical detector" then creates a bug in the program proportional
to the desperation of the user.  Threatening the terminal with violence only
aggravates the situation, causing the program to immediately crash or the
entire system to go down.  Likewise, attempts to use another terminal may cause
it to core dump.  (They all belong to the same LAN.)  Keep cool and say nice
things to the terminal.


I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Sign on a cabin door of a Soviet Black Sea cruise liner:
		Helpsavering apparata in emergings behold many whistles!
		Associate the stringing apparata about the bosums and meet
		behind, flee then to the indifferent lifesaveringshippen
		obedicing the instructs of the vessel.

	On the door in a Belgrade hotel:
		Let us know about any unficiency as well as leaking on
		the service. Our utmost will improve it.

		-- Colin Bowles


	I got into an elevator at work and this man followed in after me.
I pushed "1" and he just stood there.  I said "Hi, where you going?"
	He said, "Phoenix."  So I pushed Phoenix.  A few seconds later
the doors opened, two tumbleweeds blew in... we were in downtown Phoenix.
	I looked at him and said "You know, you're the kind of guy I
want to hang around with."  We got into his car and drove out to his
shack in the desert.
	Then the phone rang.  He said "You get it."
	I picked it up and said "Hello?"
	The other side said "Is this Steven Wright?"
	I said "Yes..."
	The guy said "Hi, I'm Mr. Jones, the student loan director from
your bank.  It seems you have missed your last 17 payments, and the
university you attended said that they received none of the $17,000 we
loaned you.  We would just like to know what happened to the money?"
	I said, "Mr. Jones, I'll give it to you straight.  I gave all
of the money to my friend Slick, and with it he built a nuclear weapon...
and I would appreciate it you never called me again."
		-- Steven Wright


You can't have everything.  Where would you put it?
		-- Steven Wright


A gambler's biggest thrill is winning a bet.
His next biggest thrill is losing a bet.


"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and
if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't.  That's logic!"
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Peter's Law of Substitution:
	Look after the molehills, and the
	mountains will look after themselves.

Peter's Principle of Success:
	Get up one time more than you're knocked down.

Peter's Principle:
	In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to the level of
	his incompetence.


When I say the magic word to all these people, they will vanish forever.
I will then say the magic words to you, and you, too, will vanish -- never
to be seen again.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "Between Time and Timbuktu"


The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.
This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.


Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.


Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.


	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger


IF A KID ASKS YOU where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him
is, "God is crying."  And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing
to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did."
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Masturbation!  The amazing availability of it!
		-- James Joyce


People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't
what they want that they don't want it.
		-- Ogden Nash


`Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried,
	As he landed his crew with care;
Supporting each man on the top of the tide
	By a finger entwined in his hair.

`Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it twice:
	That alone should encourage the crew.
Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it thrice:
	What I tell you three times is true.'
		-- Lewis Carroll, "The Hunting of the Snark"


... If forced to travel on an airplane, try and get in the cabin with
the Captain, so you can keep an eye on him and nudge him if he falls
asleep or point out any mountains looming up ahead ...
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


The weed of crime bears bitter fruit...
but the leaves are good to smoke!
		-- The Shadow


You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.


