	"God built a compelling sex drive into every creature, no
matter what style of fucking it practiced.  He made sex irresistibly
pleasurable, wildly joyous, free from fears.  He made it innocent
merriment.
	"Needless to say, fucking was an immediate smash hit.  Everyone
agreed, from aardvarks to zebras.  All the jolly animals -- lions and
lambs, rhinoceroses and gazelles, skylarks and lobsters, even insects,
though most of them fuck only once in a lifetime -- fucked along
innocently and merrily for hundreds of millions of years.  Maybe they
were dumb animals, but they knew a good thing when they had one."
		-- Alan Sherman, "The Rape of the A*P*E*"


A people living under the perpetual menace of war and invasion is very easy to
govern.  It demands no social reforms.  It does not haggle over expenditures
on armaments and military equipment.  It pays without discussion, it ruins
itself, and that is an excellent thing for the syndicates of financiers and
manufacturers for whom patriotic terrors are an abundant source of gain.
		-- Anatole France


The Official MBA Handbook on business cards:

	Avoid overly pretentious job titles such as "Lord of the
	Realm, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India" or "Director
	of Corporate Planning."


CChheecckk  yyoouurr  dduupplleexx  sswwiittcchh..


Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely
want to help you could agree with each other?


Drinking when we are not thirsty and making love at all seasons, madam:
that is all there is to distinguish us from the other animals.
		-- Pierre de Beaumarchais, "Le Marriage de Figaro"


Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.


There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #32:

Q:  Do you know how far pregnant you are right now?
A:  I will be three months November 8th.
Q:  Apparently then, the date of conception was August 8th?
A:  Yes.
Q:  What were you and your husband doing at that time?


At twenty-six, Kate, though not promiscuous, had slept with most of the
decent men in public life.
		-- Renata Adler


Life can be so tragic -- you're here today and here tomorrow.


I never saw a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But I can tell you anyhow
I'd rather see than be one.
		-- Gellett Burgess

I've never seen a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But from the milk we're getting now
There certainly must be one
		-- Ogden Nash

Ah, yes, I wrote "The Purple Cow"
I'm sorry now I wrote it
But I can tell you anyhow
I'll kill you if you quote it.
		-- Gellett Burgess, many years later


	Somewhat alarmed at the continued growth of the number of employees
on the Department of Agriculture payroll in 1962, Michigan Republican Robert
Griffin proposed an amendment to the farm bill so that "the total number of
employees in the Department of Agriculture at no time exceeds the number of
farmers in America."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


Endless the world's turn, endless the sun's spinning
Endless the quest;
I turn again, back to my own beginning,
And here, find rest.


The other day I put instant coffee in my microwave oven ... I almost
went back in time.
		-- Steven Wright


Just machines to make big decisions,
Programmed by men for compassion and vision,
We'll be clean when their work is done,
We'll be eternally free, yes, eternally young,
What a beautiful world this will be,
What a glorious time to be free.
		-- Donald Fagon, "What A Beautiful World"


Hackers know all the right MOVs.


	Love's Drug

My love is like an iron wand
	That conks me on the head,
My love is like the valium
	That I take before my bed,
My love is like the pint of scotch
	That I drink when I be dry;
And I shall love thee still, my dear,
	Until my wife is wise.


If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?


Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
		-- R. Geis


A memorandum is written not to inform the reader,
but to protect the writer.
		-- Dean Acheson


The husband who doesn't tell his wife everything probably reasons
that what she doesn't know won't hurt him.
		-- Leo J. Burke


The qotc (quote of the con) was Liz's:
	"My brain is paged out to my liver"


Against Idleness and Mischief

How doth the little busy bee		How skillfully she builds her cell!
Improve each shining hour,		How neat she spreads the wax!
And gather honey all the day		And labours hard to store it well
From every opening flower!		With the sweet food she makes.

In works of labour or of skill		In books, or work, or healthful play,
I would be busy too;			Let my first years be passed,
For Satan finds some mischief still	That I may give for every day
For idle hands to do.			Some good account at last.
		-- Isaac Watts (1674-1748)


God created a few perfect heads.
The rest he covered with hair.


QOTD:
	"I'd never marry a woman who didn't like pizza.  I might play
	golf with her, but I wouldn't marry her."


When I was a child...  We had a quick-sand box in the backyard...
I was an only child...  eventually.
		-- Steven Wright


Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.


Liberals are the first to dump you if you con them or get into
trouble.  Conservatives are better.  They never run out on you.
		-- Joseph "Crazy Joe" Gallo


AMAZING BUT TRUE...
	There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it
	were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.


How untasteful can you get?


The primary theme of SoupCon is communication.  The acronym "LEO"
represents the secondary theme:

	Law Enforcement Officials

The overall theme of SoupCon shall be:

	Avoiding Communication with Law Enforcement Officials
		-- M. Gallaher


One possible reason that things aren't going according to plan
is that there never was a plan in the first place.


Here I sit, broken-hearted,
All logged in, but work unstarted.
First net.this and net.that,
And a hot buttered bun for net.fat.

The boss comes by, and I play the game,
Then I turn back to net.flame.
Is there a cure (I need your views),
For someone trapped in net.news?

I need your help, I say 'tween sobs,
'Cause I'll soon be listed in net.jobs.


The more we disagree, the more chance
there is that at least one of us is right.


War is much too serious a matter to be entrusted to the military.
		-- Clemenceau


If you're gonna sleep with someone whose moral code may be written
in Fortran for all you know, at least make sure there's an existing
friendship of some sort to fall back on if things don't work out
like one or the other of you planned.


The difference between sentiment and sentimentality is easy to see.  When
you avoid killing somebody's pet on the glazeway, that's sentiment.  If you
swerve to avoid the pet and that causes you to kill pedestrians, THAT is
sentimentality.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"


What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.


Take your dying with some seriousness, however.
Laughing on the way to your execution is not generally understood
by less-advanced life-forms, and they'll call you crazy.
		-- "Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul"


What is mind?  No matter.
What is matter?  Never mind.
		-- Thomas Hewitt Key (1799-1875)


You shouldn't have to pay for your love with your bones and your flesh.
		-- Pat Benatar, "Hell is for Children"


The three biggest software lies:

	1: *Of course* we'll give you a copy of the source.
	2: *Of course* the third party vendor we bought that from
		will fix the microcode.
	3: Beta test site?  No, *of course* you're not a beta test site.


Most people will listen to your unreasonable demands,
if you'll consider their unacceptable offer.


If it's worth doing, it's worth doing for money.


As to Jesus of Nazareth... I think the system of Morals and his Religion,
as he left them to us, the best the World ever saw or is likely to see;
but I apprehend it has received various corrupting Changes, and I have,
with most of the present Dissenters in England, some doubts as to his
divinity.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Most of our lives are about proving something,
either to ourselves or to someone else.


	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."


We may not like doctors, but at least they doctor.  Bankers are not ever
popular but at least they bank.  Policeman police and undertakers take
under.  But lawyers do not give us law.  We receive not the gladsome light
of jurisprudence, but rather precedents, objections, appeals, stays,
filings and forms, motions and counter-motions, all at $250 an hour.
		-- Nolo News, summer 1989


No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.


For thirty years a certain man went to spend every evening with Mme. ___.
When his wife died his friends believed he would marry her, and urged
him to do so.  "No, no," he said: "if I did, where should I have to
spend my evenings?"
		-- Chamfort


Have a coke and a smile!
		-- John DeLorean


Once upon this midnight incoherent,
While you pondered sentient and crystalline,
Over many a broken and subordinate
Volume of gnarly lore,
While I pestered, nearly singing,
Suddenly there came a hewing,
As of someone profusely skulking,
Skulking at my chamber door.


May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts


He who hesitates is last.


... indifference is a militant thing ... when it goes away it leaves
smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat.  It is
not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
		-- Stephen Crane


Meekness is uncommon patience in planning a worthwhile revenge.


A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?

And he answered:

It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence.

It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.

It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City to City
upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns have come
to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.

And that is Fate?  said the priest.

Fate ... I thought you said Freight, responded the Master.

That's all right, said the priest.  I wanted to know what Freight was
too.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


The objective of all dedicated employees should be to thoroughly analyze
all situations, anticipate all problems prior to their occurrence, have
answers for these problems, and move swiftly to solve these problems
when called upon.
	However...
When you are up to your ass in alligators it is difficult to remind
yourself your initial objective was to drain the swamp.


3M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art
and display work.  This product is called "Craft Mount".  3M suggests
that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond "while the
adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky."  I did not know what "aggressively
tacky" meant until I read today's fortune.

		[And who said we didn't offer equal time, huh? Ed.]


I met a wonderful new man.  He's fictional, but you can't have everything.
		-- Cecelia, "The Purple Rose of Cairo"


	The way my jeweler explained it, it's like insurance.
	Six months' pay isn't much to keep my wife from sleeping around.

A diamond -- pure, sparkling, natural, flawless, forever.  The way marriage
should be but never quite is.  People grow and change and sometimes want to
take their clothes off with strangers.  So when you invest in a fine piece
of diamond jewelry, you're not only making an investment, you're making a
statement.  You're telling the woman you love that you've just spent a lot
of your hard-earned money on her.  Now she owes you the kind of loyalty that
only precious jewelry can buy.  Isn't she worth it?

	The Honeymoon's Over:			from $ 5000
	The Seven Year Itch:			from $10000
	No More Lunchtime Quickies:		from $15000
	Divorce Would Be More Expensive:	from $42000

			A diamond is for leverage.  BeDears


THE MX IS GOOD FOR THE ECONOMY.  One important reason we have a Defense
Department is that when we give it money, it spends it, which creates
jobs, whereas if we left the money in the hands of civilians, we don't
know what they'd do with it.  Probably put it in open trenches and set
it on fire.  The MX will create an especially large number of jobs
because of the number of warheads it carries.  It carries a total of 10
warheads.  This creates a great deal of employment, because you have
your Warhead Makers, your Warhead Lifters, your Persons Who Tap the
Warheads Gently with Rubber Mallets to Wedge Them All Snugly Into the
Nose Cone, your Persons Who Just Walk Around Playing Soothing Cassettes
by Recording Artists such as Perry Como So We Don't Have Any More
Episodes Where a Worker Who is Experiencing Some Strain Sticks a
Warhead in the Employee Cafeteria Microwave and Sets It On Roast, etc.
We are talking about a lot of jobs.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


CONFIRMED BACHELOR:
	A man who goes through life without a hitch.


Football combines the two worst features of American life.
It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.
		-- George F. Will, "Men At Work:  The Craft of Baseball"


The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
		-- David Lardner


You know your apartment is small...
	when you can't know its position and velocity at the same time.
	you put your key in the lock and it breaks the window.
	you have to go outside to change your mind.
	you can vacuum the entire place using a single electrical outlet.


Then there was the Scot that wanted to rob a jewelry store -- he tossed a
brick through the show window and ran off with a king's ransom.  They
caught him when he came back for the brick.


Taken from actual police car videos:

(15) Relax!  The handcuffs are tight because they're new.  They'll
     stretch out after you wear them awhile.
(14) Take your hands off the car and I'll make your birth certificate
     a worthless document.
(13) If you run you'll only go to jail tired.
(12) Can you run faster than 1200 feet per second?  In case you didn't
     know that's the average speed of a 9 mm bullet fired from my gun.
(11) So you don't know how fast you were going.  I guess that means I
     can write anything I want on the ticket, huh?
(10) Yes, sir, you can talk to the shift supervisor, but I don't think
     it will help.  Oh, did I mention that I AM the shift supervisor?
(9)  Warning? You want a warning?  OK, I'm warning you not to do that
     again or I'll give you another ticket.
(8)  The answer to this last question will determine whether you are
     drunk or not.  Is Mickey Mouse a cat or a dog?


SCORPIO (Oct.24 - Nov.21)
	You will receive word today that you are eligible to win a million
	dollars in prizes.  It will be from a magazine trying to get you to
	subscribe, and you're just dumb enough to think you've got a chance
	to win.  You never learn.


Some peoples mouths work faster than their brains.
They say things they haven't even thought of yet.


	GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY #21 -- July 30, 1917

On this day, New York City hotel detectives burst in and caught then-
Senator Warren G. Harding in bed with an underage girl.  He bought them
off with a $20 bribe, and later remarked thankfully, "I thought I
wouldn't get out of that under $1000!"  Always one to learn from his
mistakes, in later years President Harding carried on his affairs in a
tiny closet in the White House Cabinet Room while Secret Service men
stood lookout.


Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be
liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person shall
be deemed to be a cat.
		-- Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London


A Riverside, California, health ordinance states that two persons may
not kiss each other without first wiping their lips with carbolized
rosewater.


QOTD:
	I'm not bald -- I'm "hair challenged".

	[I thought that was "differently haired". Ed.]


We must finish once and for all with the neutrality of chess.  We must
condemn once and for all the formula "chess for the sake of chess," like
the formula "art for art's sake."  We must organize shock-brigades of
chess-players, and begin the immediate realization of a Five-Year Plan
for chess.
		-- Nikolai V. Krylenko, People's Commissar for Justice
		   (of RFSFR, later of USSR), speaking at a 1932 Congress
		   of Chess Players, as quoted in Boris Souvarine's
		   "Stalin," published London, 1939


In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!"
		-- The Kidner Report


A day without sunshine is like a day without Anita Bryant.


Sushido, n.:
	The way of the tuna.


Listen, there is no courage or any extra courage that I know of to find out
the right thing to do.  Now, it is not only necessary to do the right thing,
but to do it in the right way and the only problem you have is what is the
right thing to do and what is the right way to do it.  That is the problem.
But this economy of ours is not so simple that it obeys to the opinion of
bias or the pronouncements of any particular individual, even to the President.
This is an economy that is made up of 173 million people, and it reflects
their desires, they're ready to buy, they're ready to spend, it is a thing
that is too complex and too big to be affected adversely or advantageously
just by a few words or any particular -- say, a little this and that, or even
a panacea so alleged.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, in response to: "Has the
		   government been lacking in courage and boldness in
		   facing up to the recession?"


There's one consolation about matrimony.  When you look around you can
always see somebody who did worse.
		-- Warren H. Goldsmith


Last week's pet, this week's special.


Because we don't think about future generations,
they will never forget us.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen


Why a man would want a wife is a big mystery to some people.
Why a man would want *two* wives is a bigamystery.


Hi there!  This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person
reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes,
nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.


If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.


It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips.
		-- Garfield


If you hype something and it succeeds, you're a genius -- it wasn't a
hype.  If you hype it and it fails, then it was just a hype.
		-- Neil Bogart


For those of you who have been unfortunate enough to never have tasted the
'Great Chieftain O' the Pudden Race' (i.e. haggis) here is an easy to follow
recipe which results in a dish remarkably similar to the above mentioned
protected species.
	Ingredients:
	  1 Sheep's Pluck (heart, lungs, liver) and bag
	  2 teacupsful toasted oatmeal
	  1 teaspoonful salt
	  8 oz. shredded suet
	  2 small onions
	1/2 teaspoonful black pepper

	Scrape and clean bag in cold, then warm, water.  Soak in salt water
overnight.  Wash pluck, then boil for 2 hours with windpipe draining over
the side of pot.  Retain 1 pint of stock.  Cut off windpipe, remove surplus
gristle, chop or mince heart and lungs, and grate best part of liver (about
half only).  Parboil and chop onions, mix all together with oatmeal, suet,
salt, pepper and stock to moisten.  Pack the mixture into bag, allowing for
swelling.  Boil for three hours, pricking regularly all over.  If bag not
available, steam in greased basin covered by greaseproof paper and cloth for
four to five hours.


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


Living in the complex world of the future is somewhat
like having bees live in your head.  But, there they are.


Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they
didn't have much of anything to do with it.


Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?


Duckies are fun!


Immutability, Three Rules of:
	(1)  If a tarpaulin can flap, it will.
	(2)  If a small boy can get dirty, he will.
	(3)  If a teenager can go out, he will.


According to Arkansas law, Section 4761, Pope's Digest:  "No person
shall be permitted under any pretext whatever, to come nearer than
fifty feet of any door or window of any polling room, from the opening
of the polls until the completion of the count and the certification of
the returns."


The English instinctively admire any man
who has no talent and is modest about it.
		-- James Agate, British film and drama critic


You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.


The horror... the horror!


PISCES (Feb.19 - Mar.20)
	You will get some very interesting news of a promotion today.
	It will go to someone in the office you dislike and will be the
	job you wanted.  Don't lend anyone a car today.  You don't have
	a car.


The time has come for kicking ass and taking names.


Dawn, n.:
	The time when men of reason go to bed.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


There is a good deal of solemn cant about the common interests of capital
and labour.  As matters stand, their only common interest is that of cutting
each other's throat.
		-- Brooks Atkinson, "Once Around the Sun"


No extensible language will be universal.
		-- T. Cheatham


Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.


Ever notice that even the busiest people are
never too busy to tell you just how busy they are?


Four be the things I am wiser to know:
	Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.

Four be the things I'd been better without:
	Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.

Three be the things I shall never attain:
	Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.

Three be the things I shall have till I die:
	Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Inventory"


I never did it that way before.


The adjuration to be "normal" seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither
hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level.  I think it is ignorance that
makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain
undismayed at the proximity of "normal" to average and mediocre.  For surely
anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
		-- Dr. Karl Menninger, "The Human Mind", 1930


Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
		-- Steven Wright


My brain is my second favorite organ.
		-- Woody Allen


If you waste your time cooking, you'll miss the next meal.


	The young male race horse came from a long line of winners, and did
wonderfully in time trials.  However, in actual races he proved a little too
romantic, and could never quite bring himself to pass a mare.
	So one day the trainer went to him and told him he'd have to be
castrated.  The young horse, knowing that it was either this or the glue
factory, took it philosophically.  After all, having the operation was
almost a certain guarantee of a long and illustrious racing career.
	After a short recovery period, the horse was again run in time
trials, and found to do as well as ever.  But the first time he actually
ran in a race, he only went about ten paces, before getting a dejected look
on his face, turning around, and ambling back to the starting gates.
	"What's the matter?" asked the trainer, "you were doing great!"
	"Yeah, well how would you feel" replied the horse, "if five thousand
people took one look at you and shouted `they're off!'?"


Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions,
wins few friends, Germans excepted.
		-- Darwin Porter, "Scandinavia On $50 A Day"


We don't understand the software, and sometimes we don't
understand the hardware, but we can *see* the blinking lights!


You can tell how far we have to go,
when Fortran is the language of supercomputers.
		-- Steven Feiner


Life does not begin at the moment of conception or the moment of birth.
It begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.


After his legs had been broken in an accident, Mr. Miller sued for damages,
claiming that he was crippled and would have to spend the rest of his life
in a wheelchair.  Although the insurance-company doctor testified that his
bones had healed properly and that he was fully capable of walking, the
judge decided for the plaintiff and awarded him $500,000.
	When he was wheeled into the insurance office to collect his check,
Miller was confronted by several executives.  "You're not getting away with
this, Miller," one said.  "We're going to watch you day and night.  If you
take a single step, you'll not only repay the damages but stand trial for
perjury.  Here's the money.  What do you intend to do with it?"
	"My wife and I are going to travel," Miller replied.  "We'll go to
Stockholm, Berlin, Rome, Athens and, finally, to a place called Lourdes --
where, gentlemen, you'll see yourselves one hell of a miracle."


Kilroe hic erat!


	I went into a bar feeling a little depressed, the bartender said,
"What'll you have, Bud"?
	I said," I don't know, surprise me".
	So he showed me a nude picture of my wife.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


