That feeling just came over me.
		-- Albert DeSalvo, the "Boston Strangler"


Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #2
What to do...
    if you get a phone call from Mars:
	Speak slowly and be sure to enunciate your words properly.  Limit
	your vocabulary to simple words.  Try to determine if you are
	speaking to someone in a leadership capacity, or an ordinary citizen.

    if he, she or it doesn't speak English?
	Hang up.  There's no sense in trying to learn Martian over the phone.
	If your Martian really had something important to say to you, he, she
	or it would have taken the trouble to learn the language before
	calling.

    if you get a phone call from Jupiter?
	Explain to your caller, politely but firmly, that being from Jupiter,
	he, she or it is not "life as we know it".  Try to terminate the
	conversation as soon as possible.  It will not profit you, and the
	charges may have been reversed.


Sam Lefkovitz is having an intimate party to celebrate his thirty
immensely profitable years in the construction business.
	"You know," he laments to his friends, "over the years I have
constructed dozens of enormous projects in and around this city, but
am I known as Sam the Builder?  No.
	And over the years I have contributed literally millions of
dollars to charitable causes of one sort or another, but am I called
Sam the Philanthropist?  No sir!
	But suck one little cock..."


Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
		-- Rob Pike


It is one of the superstitions of the human mind
to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.
		-- Voltaire


I'm not sure I've even got the brains to be President.
		-- Barry Goldwater, in 1964


Konrad Lorenz, the great animal behaviorist, was scrupulous about cultivating
fruitful confusion.  Lorenz lived among his research subjects:  dozens of
species of mammals, birds, reptiles, and fishes.  He did not quantify, control,
or consciously experiment.  He got to know each creature individually, then
threw them together, watching for the unexpected, the unusual, or the bizarre
in the chaos that followed.  For example, his interest in one of ethology's
most important concepts, that of intention movements (motions with meaning,
such as the head bobbing in birds that serves as an alarm signal before
flight), derived from an inadvertent experiment.  He had trained a free-flying
raven to eat raw meat from his hand and had been feeding the bird for several
hours one day.  He would reach into his pants pocket and take out a piece of
meat, and the raven would swoop down to grab it in its bill.  By and by, Lorenz
went to relieve himself near a hedge.  When the raven saw him put his hand
into his pants and pull out another morsel of meat, it swooped down, hungrily
grasping the new mouthful in its bill.  Lorenz howled in pain.  But the event
left a deep impression on him -- about how faithfully animals respond to
intention movements, that is.
		-- The Sciences, May/June, 1988, N.Y. Academy of Science


The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.


Doubt is a not a pleasant mental state, but certainty is a ridiculous one.
		-- Voltaire


1st graffitiest: QUESTION AUTHORITY!

2nd graffitiest: Why?


A woman, especially if she have the misfortune
of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
		-- Jane Austen


The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
		-- Alexandre Arnoux, "Etudes et caprices"


Do you have lysdexia?


But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.


Look ere ye leap.
		-- John Heywood


	Dallas Cowboys Official Schedule

	Sept 14		Pasadena Junior High
	Sept 21		Boy Scout Troop 049
	Sept 28		Blind Academy
	Sept 30		World War I Veterans
	Oct 5		Brownie Scout Troop 041
	Oct 12		Sugarcreek High Cheerleaders
	Oct 26		St. Thomas Boys Choir
	Nov 2		Texas City Vet Clinic
	Nov 9		Korean War Amputees
	Nov 15		VA Hospital Polio Patients


May all the boys you fall in love with fall in love with boys themselves.


We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves.
		-- Eric Hoffer


God is Dead.
		-- Nietzsche
Nietzsche is Dead.
		-- God
Nietzsche is God.
		-- The Dead


Once ... in the wilds of Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew,
and we were forced to live on nothing but food and water for days.
		-- W. C. Fields, "My Little Chickadee"


"Well, madam," the bishop declared,
While the vicar just mumbled and stared,
	"'Twere better, perhaps,
	In the crypt or the apse,
Because sex in the nave must be shared."


Hear about...
	the guy who was an incurable romantic until penicillin came along?


And now for something completely the same.


Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
		-- Alan Watts


HIGH TECHNOLOGY:
	A California innovation composed
	of equal parts of silicon and marijuana.


All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
		-- Richard Dawkins


The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Reflections on the Art of Life"


It's like deja vu all over again.
		-- Yogi Berra


New York is real.  The rest is done with mirrors.


Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself
out of the market.


You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
		-- Smile, "Was (Not Was)"


The San Francisco police are nothing if not sensitive to the mood of the
community.  The word is that Dirty Harry has been replaced by Bitchy Gerald.


Who the hell wants to hear actors talk?
		-- Harry Warner, Warner Bros. Pictures, c. 1927


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"You can demonstrate a program for a corporate executive, but you
	can't make him computer literate."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


New crypt.  See /usr/news/crypt.


It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.


Standards are different for all things, so the standard set by man is by
no means the only "certain" standard.  If you mistake what is relative for
something certain, you have strayed far from the ultimate truth.
		-- Chuang Tzu


Well, God gave me a bust.  What am I supposed to do with it?
		-- Martha Mitchell


The blind daters had really hit it off and at the end of the evening, as
they were beginning to undress each other in his apartment, the fellow said,
	"Before we go any further, Charmaine, tell me -- do you have
any special fetishes that I should take into account in bed?"
	"As a matter of fact," smiled the girl, "I do happen to have a foot
fetish -- but I suppose I'd settle for maybe seven or eight inches."


A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new
bonnet.  Coroner's verdict: "Death from excessive spunk."
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 13, 1860


Not every question deserves an answer.


Praise the sea; on shore remain.
		-- John Florio


The honeymoon is not actually over until we cease
to stifle our sighs and begin to stifle our yawns.
		-- Helen Rowland


I use not only all the brains I have, but all those I can borrow as well.
		-- Woodrow Wilson


Weinberg's Second Law:
	If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
	then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
		-- Gerald Weinberg


Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.


Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.


You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January
and tell your boss that nobody but whores and football players live
there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

(a) Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't remember your
    name.

(b) Ask what position she played.

(c) Ask if she is still working the streets.


Do I like getting drunk?  Depends on who's doing the drinking.
		-- Amy Gorin


	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #8: LAIDBACK

This language was developed at the Marin County Center for T'ai Chi,
Mellowness and Computer Programming (now defunct), as an alternative to
the more intense atmosphere in nearby Silicon Valley.

The center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs
while they worked.  Unfortunately few programmers could survive there
because the center outlawed Pizza and Coca-Cola in favor of Tofu and
Perrier.

Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a gentle
and non-threatening language since all error messages are in lower
case.  For example, LAIDBACK responded to syntax errors with the
message:
	"i hate to bother you, but i just can't relate to that.  can
	you find the time to try it again?"


A halted retreat
Is nerve-wracking and dangerous.
To retain people as men -- and maidservants
Brings good fortune.


Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- William Shakespeare


A rope lying over the top of a fence is the same length on each side.  It
weighs one third of a pound per foot.  On one end hangs a monkey holding a
banana, and on the other end a weight equal to the weight of the monkey.
The banana weighs two ounces per inch.  The rope is as long (in feet) as
the age of the monkey (in years), and the weight of the monkey (in ounces)
is the same as the age of the monkey's mother.  The combined age of the
monkey and its mother is thirty years.  One half of the weight of the monkey,
plus the weight of the banana, is one forth as much as the weight of the
weight and the weight of the rope.  The monkey's mother is half as old as
the monkey will be when it is three times as old as its mother was when she
was half as old as the monkey will be when it is as old as its mother
will be when she is four times as old as the monkey was when it was twice
as its mother was when she was one third as old as the monkey was when it
was old as is mother was when she was three times as old as the monkey was
when it was one fourth as old as it is now.  How long is the banana?


Nitwit ideas are for emergencies.  You use them when you've got nothing
else to try.  If they work, they go in the Book.  Otherwise you follow
the Book, which is largely a collection of nitwit ideas that worked.
		-- Larry Niven, "The Mote in God's Eye"


My life is a soap opera, but who has the rights?
		-- MadameX


Lockwood's Long Shot:
	The chances of getting eaten up by a lion on Main Street
	aren't one in a million, but once would be enough.


Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
		-- Ovid (43 B.C. - A.D. 18)


How to Raise Your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children
		-- Book title by Lewis B. Frumkes


If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
		-- George Ade, "Forty Modern Fables"


	Love's Drug

My love is like an iron wand
	That conks me on the head,
My love is like the valium
	That I take before my bed,
My love is like the pint of scotch
	That I drink when I be dry;
And I shall love thee still, my dear,
	Until my wife is wise.


The bank sent our statement this morning,
The red ink was a sight of great awe!
Their figures and mine might have balanced,
But my wife was too quick on the draw.


You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.


Hear about...
	the new rule at the girls' school?
	Lights out by ten, candles by eleven.


How can you say that the world isn't
Jewish, when the sun's real name is Sol?


XML is like violence: if it doesn't solve your problem, you aren't using
enough of it.
		-- XML guru Chris Maden


Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he
just whipped out a quarter?
		-- Steven Wright


Bridget O'Flaherty McHugh
Held venal traffic with a gnu.
Mistaking fore for aft one morn
Impaled herself upon its horn.

Moral:	Those who seek high ends should shun
	our furred and feathered friends.


Where are the calculations that go with a calculated risk?


One of the airlines recently introduced a special half-fare rate for wives
accompanying their husbands on business trips.  Anticipating some valuable
testimonials, the publicity department of the airline sent out letters to
all the wives of businessmen who used the special rates, asking how they
enjoyed their trip.  Responses are still pouring in asking,
	"What trip?"


A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone, somewhere, is
having fun.


Peanut Blossoms

4 cups sugar		16 tbsp. milk
4 cups brown sugar	4 tsp. vanilla
4 cups shortening	14 cups flour
8 eggs			4 tsp. soda
4 cups peanut butter	4 tsp. salt

Shape dough into balls. Roll in sugar and bake on ungreased
cookie sheet at 375 F. for 10-12 minutes.  Immediately top
each cookie with a Hershey's kiss or star pressing down firmly
to crack cookie.  Makes a hell of a lot.


Hear about...
	the careless contortionist who accidentally swallowed his pride?


Little Known Facts, #23:
	Did you know... that if you dial 911 in Los Angeles you get
	the BMW repair garage?


Woman inspires us to great things, and prevents us from achieving them.
		-- Dumas


By the yard, life is hard.
By the inch, it's a cinch.


CONSULTATION:
	Medical term meaning "to share the wealth."


	On this morning in August when I was 13, my mother sent us out pick
tomatoes.  Back in April I'd have killed for a fresh tomato, but in August
they are no more rare or wonderful than rocks.  So I picked up one and threw
it at a crab apple tree, where it made a good *splat*, and then threw a tomato
at my brother.  He whipped one back at me.  We ducked down by the vines,
heaving tomatoes at each other.  My sister, who was a good person, said,
"You're going to get it."  She bent over and kept on picking.
	What a target!  She was 17, a girl with big hips, and bending over,
she looked like the side of a barn.
	I picked up a tomato so big it sat on the ground.  It looked like it
had sat there a week.  The underside was brown, small white worms lived in it,
and it was very juicy.  I stood up and took aim, and went into the windup,
when my mother at the kitchen window called my name in a sharp voice.  I had
to decide quickly.  I decided.
	A rotten Big Boy hitting the target is a memorable sound, like a fat
man doing a belly-flop.  With a whoop and a yell the tomatoee came after me
faster than I knew she could run, and grabbed my shirt and was about to brain
me when Mother called her name in a sharp voice.  And my sister, who was a
good person, obeyed and let go -- and burst into tears.  I guess she knew that
the pleasure of obedience is pretty thin compared with the pleasure of hearing
a rotten tomato hit someone in the rear end.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
		-- Maya Angelou, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings"


You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.


	Four Oxford dons were taking their evening walk together and as
usual, were engaged in casual but learned conversation.  On this particular
evening, their conversation was about the names given to groups of animals,
such as a "pride of lions" or a "gaggle of geese."
	One of the professors noticed a group of prostitutes down the block,
and posed the question, "What name would be given to that group?"  The four
fell into silence for a moment, as they pondered the possibilities...
	At last, one spoke: "How about 'a Jam of Tarts'?"  The others nodded
in acknowledgment as they continued to consider the problem.  A second
professor spoke: "I'd suggest 'an Essay of Trollops.'"  Again, the others
nodded.  A third spoke: "I propose 'a Flourish of Strumpets.'"
	They continued their walk in silence, until the first professor
remarked to the remaining professor, who was the most senior and learned of
the four, "You haven't suggested a name for our ladies.  What are your
thoughts?"
	Replied the fourth professor, "'An Anthology of Prose.'"


A lady with one of her ears applied
To an open keyhole heard, inside,
Two female gossips in converse free --
The subject engaging them was she.
"I think", said one, "and my husband thinks
That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!"
As soon as no more of it she could hear
The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
"I will not stay," she said with a pout,
"To hear my character lied about!"
		-- Gopete Sherany


See, these two penguins walked into a bar, which was really stupid, 'cause
the second one should have seen it.


When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
		-- Winston Churchill, on formal declarations of war


If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.


No man's ambition has a right to stand in
the way of performing a simple act of justice.
		-- John Altgeld


Never promise more than you can perform.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Women of genius commonly have masculine faces, figures and manners.
In transplanting brains to an alien soil God leaves a little of the
original earth clinging to the roots.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


I owe the government $3400 in taxes.  So I sent them two hammers and a
toilet seat.
		-- Michael McShane


Dear Lord, observe this bended knee
This visage meek and humble,
And hear this confidential plea
Voiced in reverent mumble:
	Give me Shylock, give me Fagin
	But O God spare me Ronald Reagan!
		-- Ansel Adams


A new supply of round tuits has arrived and are available from Mary.
Anyone who has been putting off work until they got a `round tuit'
now has no excuse for further procrastination.


Thought:
	Girls get minks the same way minks get minks!


When you're a Yup
You're a Yup all the way
From your first slice of Brie
To your last Cabernet.

When you're a Yup
You're not just a dreamer
You're making things happen
You're driving a Beamer.


Getting kicked out of the American Bar Association is liked getting kicked
out of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
		-- Melvin Belli on the occasion of his getting kicked out
		   of the American Bar Association


Mencken and Nathan's Ninth Law of The Average American:
	The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the
	cork makes when it is popped.


A fox is wolf who sends flowers.
		-- Ruth Weston


You will pioneer the first Martian colony.


Absence makes the heart grow fonder -- of somebody else.


I am a bookaholic.  If you are a decent
person, you will not sell me another book.


When in doubt, do it.  It's much easier
to apologize than to get permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


Ever feel like you're the head pin on life's
bowling alley, and everyone's rolling strikes?


Churchill's Commentary on Man:
	Man will occasionally stumble over the truth,
	but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.


Me father makes book on the corner,
Me mother makes second hand gin,
Me sister makes love for a dollar,
And that's how the money rolls in!

	Rolls in, rolls in, just look how the money rolls in!
		(Rolls in!)
	Rolls in, rolls in, just look how the money rolls in!

Me father sells cheap prophylactics,
Me mum pokes the tips with a pin,
Me sister performs the abortions,
And that's how the money rolls in!

Me uncle's a poor missionary,
He saves fallen women from sin.
He'll save you a blonde for five dollars,
And that's how the money rolls in.


You just know when a relationship is about to end.  My girlfriend called me
at work and asked me how you change a lightbulb in the bathroom.  "It's very
simple," I said. "You start by filling up the bathtub with water..."


Where the hell is Wall Drug?


A conservative is a man
with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not
Compute' -- I forget which."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


The first riddle I ever heard, one familiar to almost every Jewish
child, was propounded to me by my father:
	"What is it that hangs on the wall, is green, wet -- and
whistles?"
	I knit my brow and thought and thought, and in final perplexity
gave up.
	"A herring," said my father.
	"A herring," I echoed.  "A herring doesn't hang on the wall!"
	"So hang it there."
	"But a herring isn't green!"  I protested.
	"Paint it."
	"But a herring isn't wet."
	"If it's just painted it's still wet."
	"But -- " I sputtered, summoning all my outrage, "-- a herring
doesn't whistle!!"
	"Right, " smiled my father.  "I just put that in to make it
hard."
		-- Leo Rosten, "The Joys of Yiddish"


Housework can kill you if done right.
		-- Erma Bombeck


Computer scientists are programmed to do it by macro insertion.


It is only with the heart one can see clearly;
what is essential is invisible to the eye.
		-- The Fox, "The Little Prince"


You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
		-- Maharbal


Johnny Carson's Observation on Geriatrics:
	Sex in the sixties is great, but it improves if you pull
	over to the side of the road.


It seems that John gets this phone call:
	"Hello," he answers.  The voice on the other end of the line
is hard and cold.
	"This is Susan," he hears.  "We met at a party a few months
ago.
	"Of course, Susan!", John replies.  "How are you?"
	"Not very well.  Remember how after the party you took me home and
we parked?  And you told me that I was a 'good sport'?  Well, I'm pregnant
and I'm going to kill myself tonight."
	John is silent for a few moments, collecting his thoughts.  "Well,"
he finally replies, "you sure *are* a good sport."


When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #13

A:	Doc, Happy, Bashful, Dopey, Sneezy, Sleepy, & Grumpy
Q:	Who were the Democratic presidential candidates?


There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
		-- Darth Vader


The Hollywood tradition I like best is called "sucking up to the stars."
		-- Johnny Carson


The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,
	Moves on: nor all they Piety nor Wit
Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line,
	Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.


Power is the finest token of affection.


In high school in Brooklyn
I was the baseball manager,
proud as I could be
I chased baseballs,
gathered thrown bats
handed out the towels			Eventually, I bought my own
It was very important work		but it was dark blue while
for a small spastic kid,		the official ones were green
but I was a team member			Nobody ever said anything
When the team got			to me about my blue jacket;
their warm-up jackets			the guys were my friends
I didn't get one			Yet it hurt me all year
Only the regular team			to wear that blue jacket
got these jackets, and			among all those green ones
surely not a manager			Even now, forty years after,
					I still recall that jacket
					and the memory goes on hurting.
		-- Bart Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American:
	All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.


	"Found it," the Mouse replied rather crossly:
"of course you know what `it' means."

	"I know what `it' means well enough, when I find a thing,"
said the Duck: "it's generally a frog or a worm.

The question is, what did the archbishop find?"


