Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness
of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule."
		-- David Guaspari


Indomitable in retreat; invincible in
advance; insufferable in victory.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery


Factorials were someone's attempt to make math LOOK exciting.


Sometimes it happens.  People just explode.  Natural causes.
		-- Repo Man


Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kind of neat.
		-- John Lehman, Secretary of the Navy, 1981-1987


A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember
your birthday when you never look any older?"


Militant agnostic: I don't know, and you don't either.


You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.


QUARK:
	The sound made by a well bred duck.


Captain Hook died of jock itch.


But has any little atom,
	While a-sittin' and a-splittin',
Ever stopped to think or CARE
	That E = m c**2 ?


Kinkler's First Law:
	Responsibility always exceeds authority.

Kinkler's Second Law:
	All the easy problems have been solved.


I do enjoy a good long walk -- especially when my wife takes one.


Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem


The secret of healthy hitchhiking is to eat junk food.


A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.


My mind can never know my body, although
it has become quite friendly with my legs.
		-- Woody Allen, on Epistemology


Q:	Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers?
A:	Because he was hungry.


Most seminars have a happy ending.  Everyone's glad when they're over.


We are all born equal... just some of us are more equal than others.


Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have
forgotten your aim.
		-- George Santayana


Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.


The Thought Police are here.  They've come
To put you under cardiac arrest.
And as they drag you through the door
They tell you that you've failed the test.
		-- Buggles, "Living in the Plastic Age"


Wet dream, n.:
	Overnight sensation.


Drink and dance and laugh and lie
Love, the reeling midnight through
For tomorrow we shall die!
(But, alas, we never do.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Flaw in Paganism"


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(12) Freedom is God-given.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
		-- John McNulty


If there is no wind, row.
		-- Polish proverb


Women want their men to be cops.  They want you to punish them and tell
them what the limits are.  The only thing that women hate worse from a man
than being slapped is when you get on your knees and say you're sorry.
		-- Mort Sahl


Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the
sight of a police car is probably parked.


She's genuinely bogus.


Women aren't as mere as they used to be.
		-- Pogo


America's two greatest inventions are finger-fucking and carpet-bombing.
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson


Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.


Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week... where we found each
other, and loved each other... and then let each other go before anyone
had to seek professional help.


There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be
offered: entertainment, food, and affection.  It is customary to begin
a series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount
of food, and the merest suggestion of affection.  As the amount of
affection increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately.
When the affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating.
Under no circumstances can the food be omitted.
		-- Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly Correct Behavior


The 11 is for people with the pride of a 10 and the pocketbook of an 8.
		-- R. B. Greenberg


QOTD:
	"All I want is a little more than I'll ever get."


If they can't take a joke, then fuck 'em.
If they can, then fuck 'em.


Lo!  Men have become the tool of their tools.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Hacker's Law:
	The belief that enhanced understanding will necessarily stir a
	nation to action is one of mankind's oldest illusions.


A man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there himself.
		-- Du Bois


All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.


	The Magician of the Ivory Tower brought his latest invention for the
master programmer to examine.  The magician wheeled a large black box into the
master's office while the master waited in silence.
	"This is an integrated, distributed, general-purpose workstation,"
began the magician, "ergonomically designed with a proprietary operating
system, sixth generation languages, and multiple state of the art user
interfaces.  It took my assistants several hundred man years to construct.
Is it not amazing?"
	The master raised his eyebrows slightly. "It is indeed amazing," he
said.
	"Corporate Headquarters has commanded," continued the magician, "that
everyone use this workstation as a platform for new programs.  Do you agree
to this?"
	"Certainly," replied the master, "I will have it transported to the
data center immediately!"  And the magician returned to his tower, well
pleased.
	Several days later, a novice wandered into the office of the master
programmer and said, "I cannot find the listing for my new program.  Do
you know where it might be?"
	"Yes," replied the master, "the listings are stacked on the platform
in the data center."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra


panic: kernel trap (ignored)


What fools these morals be!


The only reward of virtue is virtue.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Sooner or later, generals will own you.


	"Do you cheat on your wife?" asked the psychiatrist.
	"Who else?" answered the patient.


To criticize the incompetent is easy;
it is more difficult to criticize the competent.


	An old maid wanted to travel by bus to the pet cemetery with the
remains of her cat.  As she boarded the bus, she whispered to the driver,
"I have a dead pussy."
	The driver pointed to the woman in the seat behind him and said,
"Sit with my wife.  You two have a lot in common."


You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.
You'll learn a lot today.


Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired
signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not
fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.  This world in arms is not
spending money alone.  It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the
genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children.  This is not a way
of life at all in any true sense.  Under the clouds of war, it is
humanity hanging on a cross of iron.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, April 16, 1953


When you make your mark in the world,
watch out for guys with erasers.
		-- The Wall Street Journal


Liberace was at heaven's gate when Saint Peter told him that he'd been
disqualified from entering.
	Stunned, Liberace asked, "Why?"
	"Our records show that you once ate a parakeet," Saint Peter answered.
	"I never did that," Liberace replied.  "Can't you check your records?
They *must* be wrong!"
	"It says right here that on August 15, 1981, you ate a chartreuse
parakeet with black trim."
	"Hey, listen, you must be thinking of Ozzy Osbourne, " Liberace
replied. "Now, I might have had a cockatoo..."


Take care of the luxuries and the
necessities will take care of themselves.
		-- L. Long


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #16

The Arkansas legislature passed a law that states that the Arkansas River
can rise no higher than to the Main Street bridge in Little Rock.


Everyone is entitled to my opinion.


Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition.
		-- Stephen Coonts, "The Minotaur"


Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really over-
whelming majority of the crowd present.  Abusive and obscene language may
not be used by contestants when addressing members of the judging panel,
or, conversely, by members of the judging panel when addressing contestants
(unless struck by a boomerang).
		-- Mudgeeraba Creek Emu-Riding and Boomerang-Throwing Assoc.


The First Rule of Program Optimization:
	Don't do it.

The Second Rule of Program Optimization (for experts only!):
	Don't do it yet.
		-- Michael Jackson


High heels are a device invented by a woman
who was tired of being kissed on the forehead.


Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends.
		-- Woody Allen


Hell, n.:
	Truth seen too late.


Warp 7 -- It's a law we can live with.


Praise the sea; on shore remain.
		-- John Florio


Everyone is in the best seat.
		-- John Cage


The three faithful things in life are money, a dog and an old woman.


You can lead a whore to Vasser, but you can't make her think.
		-- Frederick B. Artz


Banacek's Eighteenth Polish Proverb:
	The hippo has no sting, but the wise
	man would rather be sat upon by the bee.


Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.


When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
		-- Mark Twain


QOTD:
	"If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection."


I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


	Out on the great American desert one day, a bald eagle reached a
state of great libidal distress.  Pickings were slim, but in time, he saw a
dove flying by.  "Better than nothin'", he muttered (birds in jokes can mutter)
and swooped down, grabbed the dove and flew to his nest.  Feathers flew, and
eventually the dove tottered to the edge of the cliff and shouted (yes, they
shout, too):
	"I'm a dove!  I've been loved!  And I LIKE it!"
	Well, this took care of the old boy for a while but soon enough he
was at it again.  All he could find was a lark, so away he went, and feathers
flew and soon the lark tottered to the edge of the cliff and shouted:
	"I'm a lark!  I've been sparked!  And I LIKE it!"
	As you can guess, some time later our friend was again in need of
amor... lib... you know!  This time, all that happened by was... a duck!
So down he swooped, and feathers flew, and the next thing seen is the duck
tottering to the cliffside and shouting:
	"I'M A DRAKE!  THERE'S BEEN A MISTAKE!  AND I DON'T LIKE IT!!!


A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted.
		-- Helen Rowland


You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.


McCoy's a seducer galore,
And of virgins he has quite a score.
	He tells them, "My dear,
	You're the Final Frontier,
Where man never has gone before."


If a listener nods his head when you're
explaining your program, wake him up.


Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
		-- Lazarus Long


How doth the little crocodile
	Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
	On every golden scale!

How cheerfully he seems to grin,
	How neatly spreads his claws,
And welcomes little fishes in,
	With gently smiling jaws!
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.


Women -- can't live with 'em, can't leave 'em by the curb when you're done.


Suddenly, Professor Liebowitz realizes he has come to the seminar
without his duck ...


When they tell me to stick it where
the sun don't shine, I put it in Oregon.


You have junk mail.


Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.


1. Avoid fried meats which angry up the blood.
2. If your stomach antagonizes you, pacify it with cool thoughts.
3. Keep the juices flowing by jangling around gently as you move.
4. Go very lightly on the vices, such as carrying on in society, as
	the social ramble ain't restful.
5. Avoid running at all times.
6. Don't look back, something might be gaining on you.
		-- S. Paige, c. 1951


If sex is such a natural phenomenon, how come there are so many
books on how to?
		-- Bette Midler


His eyes were cold.  As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling
outside.  Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew...


Hear about...
	the freaky WAC who was court-martialed for contributing to the
	delinquency of a major?


We gotta get out of this place,
If it's the last thing we ever do.
		-- The Animals


A fool and his money are soon popular.


	Home centers are designed for the do-it-yourselfer who's
willing to pay higher prices for the convenience of being able to shop
for lumber, hardware, and toasters all in one location.  Notice I say
"shop for", as opposed to "obtain".  This is the major drawback of home
centers: they are always out of everything except artificial Christmas
trees.  The home center employees have no time to reorder merchandise
because they are too busy applying little price stickers to every
object -- every board, washer, nail and screw -- in the entire store ...
	Let's say a piece in your toilet tank breaks, so you remove the
broken part, take it to the home center, and ask an employee if he has
a replacement.  The employee, who has never is his life even seen the
inside of a toilet tank, will peer at the broken part in very much the
same way that a member of a primitive Amazon jungle tribe would look at
an electronic calculator, and then say, "We're expecting a shipment of
these sometime around the middle of next week".
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Hell, n.:
	Truth seen too late.


The average Ph.D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from
one graveyard to another.
		-- J. Frank Dobie, "A Texan in England"


Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
	Superiority is recessive.


Loneliness is a terrible price to pay for independence.


One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they
need no answer.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron


Woman is generally so bad that the difference
between a good and a bad woman scarcely exists.
		-- Tolstoy


We aren't what we eat.  We are what we don't shit.
		-- Hugh Romney


I will make you shorter by the head.
		-- Elizabeth I


	"Gee, Mudhead, everyone at Morse Science High has an
extracurricular activity except you."
	"Well, gee, doesn't Louise count?"
	"Only to ten, Mudhead."
		-- The Firesign Theatre


When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
		-- Gen. C. Abrams


This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.


Understand, v.:
	To reach a point, in your investigation of some subject, at which
	you cease to examine what is really present, and operate on the
	basis of your own internal model instead.


Reliable source, n.:
	The guy you just met.


Old McDonald had a farm,
E-I-E-I-O!
And on this farm he had some chicks,
E-I-E-I-O!
With a chick-chick here,
And a chick-chick there,
Here a chick,
There a chick,
Everywhere a chick-chick,
Old McDonald lost his farm
'Cause he had too many chicks!


It was New Year's Eve and the house was brightly decorated with holiday
trappings.  The only sound that broke the quiet was the click of Grandma's
knitting needles.  The children; Jane, eight and Mary, five, were seated
in front of a cheerily burning fire, leafing through a picture book.
Tiring of this, they went over to Grandma's rocker.  Jane climbed up on
the arm of the chair and Mary snuggled into Grandma's cozy lap.
	"Tell us a story," begged Mary.
	"Oh," said the old lady, laying aside her knitting and wrapping
her arms around the children.  "What story should I tell you?"
	"Tell us our favorite story," whispered little Jane eagerly.
"About the time you were a hooker in Chicago."


Nitwit ideas are for emergencies.  You use them when you've got nothing
else to try.  If they work, they go in the Book.  Otherwise you follow
the Book, which is largely a collection of nitwit ideas that worked.
		-- Larry Niven, "The Mote in God's Eye"


According to all the latest reports,
there was no truth in any of the earlier reports.


	A man walks into a bar with a Leprechaun on his shoulder.  He walks
up to the bar and sits down, ordering a beer for himself and one for the
little Leprechaun.
	After a few beers, the Leprechaun jumps down off the guy's shoulder,
struts down the bar and comes to a stop in front of a rather large construction
worker.  Looking the guy right in the eye, he gives him a rather large, damp,
Bronx cheer.  And trots back to sit on his buddy's shoulder.  The worker is
pretty upset, but decides to shine on this rather offensive breach of manners.
	After another beer and a half though, the Leprechaun hops down and
walks over to his previous victim and goes "PPPPHHHHHHHBBBBTTTTTT" again.
Well, that's too much, and the victim knocks the Leprechaun off the bar and,
after walking over to stand very close to the Leprechaun's escort, tells him
in a rather overloud voice, that if it happens again, he's going to "cut off
his little dick!"
	Replies the escort, "Leprechauns don't have dicks."
	"Yeah?  Well, then," asks the big man, how does he take a piss?"
	"PPPPHHHHHHHBBBBTTTTTT!!!!"


Your present plans will be successful.


These activities have their own rules and methods
of concealment which seek to mislead and obscure.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, 1960


Would you *really* want to get on a non-stop flight?
		-- George Carlin


A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


The animals are not as stupid as one thinks -- they have neither
doctors nor lawyers.
		-- L. Docquier


Q:	What is green and lives in the ocean?
A:	Moby Pickle.


Well, you almost got it right.  The only problem is, you're doing it exactly
backwards!  Just reverse the motions you described and your partner will
experience an incredibly intense orgasm.  One trouble with this technique,
though, is that it works so well.  Believe me, word will get around about
your newfound prowess and you'll be inundated by prospective sexual partners.
So try to be discreet.  I prefer maple syrup to pineapple/apricot lotion, but
that's a matter of personal preference.  Also, I'd advise against the syrup,
or using honey, if you're outside, because the insects it attracts tend to
distract the quail.  You can substitute crazy glue (but obviously not thumb
tacks!) for the masking tape, but only if you don't want to use the piano for
awhile.


NO OPIUM-SMOKING IN THE ELEVATORS
		-- sign in the Rand Hotel, New York, 1907


I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a
week sometimes to make it up.
		-- Mark Twain, "The Innocents Abroad"


Take a lesson from the whale; the only time
he gets speared is when he raises to spout.


Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
[If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
		-- Henri Estienne


All art is but imitation of nature.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca


Where the hell is Wall Drug?


