High heels are a device invented by a woman
who was tired of being kissed on the forehead.


That woman speaks eight languages and can't say "no" in any of them.
		-- Dorothy Parker


All warranty and guarantee clauses
become null and void upon payment of invoice.


Sure banking is Biblical!

How about when Onan received a substantial penalty for early withdrawal?
Or when Pharaoh's daughter went into the bulrushes and came out with a
little prophet?  And it was Moses who led the Children of Israel to the
Banks of the Jordan!


Peter Fellgett's wildcard recipe:
	Into a clean dish, place the dry ingredients and add the
	liquids until the right consistency is obtained. Turn out
	into suitable containers and cook until done.


If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do:  Pour a little
Lavoris in the toilet.
		-- Jay Leno


If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down.
If the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down.
If the bulletin covers are in short supply, however,
church attendance will exceed all expectations.
		-- Reverend Chichester


Like, if I'm not for me, then fer shure, like who will be?  And if, y'know,
if I'm not like fer anyone else, then hey, I mean, what am I?  And if not
now, like I dunno, maybe like when?  And if not Who, then I dunno, maybe
like the Rolling Stones?
		-- Rich Rosen (Rabbi Valiel's paraphrase of famous quote
		   attributed to Rabbi Hillel.)


God created woman.
And boredom did indeed cease from that moment --
but many other things ceased as well.
Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Too clever is dumb.
		-- Ogden Nash


Finagle's Creed:
	Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.


There is no time like the pleasant.


Mothers of large families (who claim to common sense)
Will find a Tiger will repay the trouble and expense.
		-- Hilaire Belloc, "The Tiger"


Maryann's Law:
	You can always find what you're not looking for.


Those who do things in a noble spirit of
self-sacrifice are to be avoided at all costs.
		-- N. Alexander


	Harry was delighted when he found a young woman who accepted his
proposal of marriage as he was pretty sensitive about his artificial leg
and afraid that no one would have him.  In fact, he couldn't bring himself
to tell his fiancee about his leg when he slipped the ring on her finger,
nor when she bought the dress, nor when they picked the time and place.
All he kept saying was, "Darling, I've got a big surprise for you," at which
she blushed and smiled bewitchingly.
	The wedding came and went, and the young couple were at last alone
in their honeymoon suite. "Now don't forget, Harry, you promised me a big
surprise," smiled the bride.
	Unable to say a word, Harry turned out the lights, unstrapped his
leg, slipped into bed, and placed his wife's hand on the stump.
	"Hmmmmm," she said softly, "that IS a surprise. But pass me the
Vaseline and I'll see what I can do!"


Q:	How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but it takes a long time, and the light bulb has
	to really want to change.


You're almost as happy as you think you are.


None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
		-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work"


Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
We their sons are more worthless than they:
so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Heisenberg may have been here.


There is no time like the present
for postponing what you ought to be doing.


Dull women have immaculate homes.


This land is made of mountains,
This land is made of mud,
This land has lots of everything,
For me and Elmer Fudd.

This land has lots of trousers,
This land has lots of mousers,
And pussycats to eat them
When the sun goes down.


If you are shooting under 80 you are neglecting your business;
over 80 you are neglecting your golf.
		-- Walter Hagen


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


STRAPLESS EVENING GOWN:
	Bust truster.


Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
		-- Elbert Hubbard


Garter, n.:
	An elastic band intended to keep a woman from coming out of her
	stockings and desolating the country.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If God had wanted people to give blow
jobs, he wouldn't have given them teeth.


Q:	What do elephants use instead of tampons?
A:	Sheep.  Well, they used to, anyway.  There have been so many cases
	of Toxic Flock Syndrome recently that their ewes has been discouraged.

Q:	Why do elephants have trunks?
A:	Sheep don't have strings.


Out of sight is out of mind.
		-- Arthur Clough


The amount of time between slipping on the peel and landing on the
pavement is precisely 1 bananosecond.


They don't know how the world is shaped.  And so they give it a shape, and
try to make everything fit it.  They separate the right from the left, the
man from the woman, the plant from the animal, the sun from the moon. They
only want to count to two.
		-- Emma Bull, "Bone Dance"


I've been on this lonely road so long,
Does anybody know where it goes,
I remember last time the signs pointed home,
A month ago.
		-- Carpenters, "Road Ode"


Her brother, a bastard named Ben,
Could rotate his pecker, and then
	He would shoot through his rear
	Which made him dear
Of the girls, and the envy of men.


Fortune's Office Door Sign of the Week:

	Incorrigible punster -- Do not incorrige.


How can you be in two places at once
when you're not anywhere at all?


Give me Librium or give me Meth.


Thieves respect property; they merely wish the property to become
their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
		-- G. K. Chesterton, "The Man Who Was Thursday"


Bondage, or as the French call it, ligottage, is the gentle art of tying up
your sex partner --- not to overcome reluctance but to boost orgasm.  It's
one unscheduled sex technique which a lot of people find extremely exciting
but are scared to try, and a venerable human resource for increasing sexual
feeling, partly because it's a harmless expression of sexual aggression --
something we badly need, our culture being very uptight about it -- and more
because of its physical affects: slow orgasm when unable to move is a
mind-blowing experience for anyone not too frightened of their own aggressive
self to try it.
		-- The Joy of Sex


I'm also inclined to believe that if you wait long enough, you will
eventually have more than 255 of almost *anything*....
		-- A. Lyman Chapin


Mental power tended to corrupt, and absolute intelligence tended to
corrupt absolutely, until the victim eschewed violence entirely in
favor of smart solutions to stupid problems.
		-- Piers Anthony


I never believed in Santa Claus because I knew no white dude would come
into my neighborhood after dark.
		-- Dick Gregory


After living in New York, you trust nobody,
but you believe everything.  Just in case.


When some people discover the truth, they just
can't understand why everybody isn't eager to hear it.


Meanehwael, baccat meaddehaele, monstaer lurccen;
Fulle few too many drincce, hie luccen for fyht.
[D]en Hreorfneorht[d]hwr, son of Hrwaerow[p]heororthwl,
AEsccen aewful jeork to steop outsyd.
[P]hud!  Bashe!  Crasch!  Beoom!  [D]e bigge gye
Eallum his bon brak, byt his nose offe;
Wicced Godsylla waeld on his asse.
Monstaer moppe fleor wy[p] eallum men in haelle.
Beowulf in bacceroome fonecall bemaccen waes;
Hearen sond of ruccus saed, "Hwaet [d]e helle?"
Graben sheold strang ond swich-blaed scharp
Sond feorth to fyht [d]e grimlic foe.
"Me," Godsylla saed, "mac [d]e minsemete."
Heoro cwyc geten heold wi[p] faemed half-nelson
Ond flyng him lic frisbe bac to fen.
Beowulf belly up to meaddehaele bar,
Saed, "Ne foe beaten mie faersom cung-fu."
Eorderen cocca-colha yce-coeld, [d]e reol [p]yng.


	Rosenberg wanted to leave the country.  "And what is *your*
reason?" asks the official at the Passport Office.
	"I am told a pogrom is being prepared.  Against the Jews and
the barbers," replies Rosenberg.
	"Why the barbers?"
	"Everybody asks that question.  That's why I want to leave."


It pays in England to be a revolutionary and a bible-smacker most of
one's life and then come round.
		-- Lord Alfred Douglas


It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.


Mad, adj.:
	Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If the odds are a million to one against something
occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.


A bunch of the boys were whooping it in the Malemute saloon;
The kid that handles the music box was hitting a jag-time tune;
Back of the bar, in a solo game, sat Dangerous Dan McGrew,
And watching his luck was his light-o'-love, the lady that's known as Lou.
		-- Robert W. Service


The time for action is past!
Now is the time for senseless bickering.


	Festivity Level 1: Your guests are chatting amiably with each
other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around
the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors
d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 2: Your guests are talking loudly -- sometimes
to each other, and sometimes to nobody at all, rearranging your
Christmas-tree ornaments, singing "I Gotta Be Me" around the upright
piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres.
	Festivity Level 3: Your guests are arguing violently with
inanimate objects, singing "I can't get no satisfaction," gulping down
other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and
placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when
the little hammers strike.
	Festivity Level 4: Your guests, hors d'oeuvres smeared all over
their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning
Christmas tree.  The piano is missing.

	You want to keep your party somewhere around level 3, unless
you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level
4.  The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.


Beware of Bigfoot!


You're definitely on their list.
The question to ask next is what list it is.


Galbraith's Law of Human Nature:
	Faced with the choice between changing one's mind and proving that
	there is no need to do so, almost everybody gets busy on the proof.


Hindsight is always 20:20.
		-- Billy Wilder


Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.


XXVI:
	If a sufficient number of management layers are superimposed on each
	other, it can be assured that disaster is not left to chance.
XXVII:
	Rank does not intimidate hardware.  Neither does the lack of rank.
XXVIII:
	It is better to be the reorganizer than the reorganizee.
XXIX:
	Executives who do not produce successful results hold on to their
	jobs only about five years.  Those who produce effective results
	hang on about half a decade.
XXX:
	By the time the people asking the questions are ready for the answers,
	the people doing the work have lost track of the questions.
		-- Norman Augustine


CURSOR:
	One whose program will not run.
		-- Robb Russon


When operating the diopter adjustment knob with your eye to the view-
finder, be careful not to put your fingers or fingernails in your eye.
		-- found in the users manual of the Nikon D2x camera,
		   a camera for professional photographers


There are more old drunkards than old doctors.


There are no winners in life, only survivors.


Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.


On ability:
	A dwarf is small, even if he stands on a mountain top;
	a colossus keeps his height, even if he stands in a well.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca, 4BC - 65AD


San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
		-- Herb Caen


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #4.
Mia ^svebo^sipo estas plena je angiloj.	My hovercraft is full of eels.
Neniu anticipas la hispanan		No one expects the Spanish
	Inkvizicion.				Inquisition.
La solvo estas kvardekdu.		The answer is forty-two.
Adiau, kaj dankoj por ^ciom da fi^so.	So long, and thanks for all the fish.
^Cu estas krajono en via po^so, au ^cu	Is that a pencil in your pocket,
	vi feli^cas pri vidi min?		or are you happy to see me?


In Lexington, Kentucky, it's illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your
pocket.


Dammit, man, that's unprofessional!  A good bartender laughs anyway!


He was part of my dream, of course --
but then I was part of his dream too.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.


Necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows.
Watch who you sleep with.


You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#14

Low Blows:
	Let's say a man and woman are watching a boxing match on TV.  One
of the boxers is felled by a low blow.  The woman says "Oh, gee.  That must
hurt." The man doubles over and actually FEELS the pain.

Dressing Up:
	A woman will dress up to go shopping, water the plants, empty the
garbage, answer the phone, read a book, get the mail.  A man will dress up
for: weddings, funerals.  Speaking of weddings, when reminiscing about
weddings, women talk about "the ceremony".  Men laugh about "the bachelor
party".

David Letterman:
	Men think David Letterman is the funniest man on the face of the
Earth.  Women think he is a mean, semi-dorky guy who always has a bad
haircut.


If *I* had a hammer, there'd be no more folk singers.


The doctrine of human equality reposes on this: that there is no man
really clever who has not found that he is stupid.
		-- Gilbert K. Chesterson


It's our fault.  We should have given him better parts.
		-- Jack Warner, on hearing that Reagan had been
		   elected governor of California.

[Warner is also reported to have said, when told of Reagan's candidacy
for governor, "No, Jimmy Stewart for Governor; Reagan for best friend."]


Darth Vader!  Only you would be so bold!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

The garbage collector now works.  In addition a new, experimental garbage
collection algorithm has been installed.  With SI:%DSK-GC-QLX-BITS set to 17,
(NOT the default) the old garbage collection algorithm remains in force; when
virtual storage is filled, the machine cold boots itself.  With SI:%DSK-GC-
QLX-BITS set to 23, the new garbage collector is enabled.  Unlike most garbage
collectors, the new gc starts its mark phase from the mind of the user, rather
than from the obarray.  This allows the garbage collection of significantly
more Qs.  As the garbage collector runs, it may ask you something like "Do you
remember what SI:RDTBL-TRANS does?", and if you can't give a reasonable answer
in thirty seconds, the symbol becomes a candidate for GCing.  The variable
SI:%GC-QLX-LUSER-TM governs how long the GC waits before timing out the user.


Pick another fortune cookie.


I knew Leo G. Carrol
Was over a barrel
When Tarantula took to the hills.	["Lick it!"]
And I really got hot
When I saw Jeanette Scott
Fight a triffid that spits poison and kills.

Science fiction, double feature
Doctor X will build a creature.
See androids fighting Brad and Janet
Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh
At the late night, double feature, picture show.
		-- The Rocky Horror Picture Show


Many mental processes admit of being roughly measured.  For instance,
the degree to which people are bored, by counting the number of their
fidgets. I not infrequently tried this method at the meetings of the
Royal Geographical Society, for even there dull memoirs are occasionally
read.  [...]  The use of a watch attracts attention, so I reckon time
by the number of my breathings, of which there are 15 in a minute.  They
are not counted mentally, but are punctuated by pressing with 15 fingers
successively.  The counting is reserved for the fidgets.  These observations
should be confined to persons of middle age.  Children are rarely still,
while elderly philosophers will sometimes remain rigid for minutes altogether.
		-- Francis Galton, 1909


Mental things which have not gone in through the
senses are vain and bring forth no truth except detrimental.
		-- Leonardo


Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a
woman giving birth to a child.  She must be found and stopped.
		-- Sam Levenson


Eleven reasons a cucumber is better than a man:
	(1)  Cucumbers can stay up all night, and you won't have to
	     sleep in the wet spot.
	(2)  Cucumbers don't play the guitar and try to find
	     themselves.
	(3)  You won't find out later that your cucumber (a) is
	     married, (b) is on penicillin, (c) likes you -- but loves
	     your brother!
	(4)  A cucumber won't care what time of the month it is.
	(5)  A cucumber never wants to get it on when your nails are
	     wet.
	(6)  Cucumbers don't say "Let's keep trying until we have a
	     boy".
	(7)  Cucumbers won't tell you size doesn't count.
	(8)  A cucumber won't leave you for a cheerleader or an ex-nun.
	(9)  Cucumbers don't fall asleep on your chest or drool on the
	     pillow.
	(10) Cucumbers don't care if you make more money than they do.
	(11) With a cucumber, the toilet seat is always the way you
	     left it.


Who is John Galt?


What do you call someone with herpes, AIDS, syphilis, and gonorrhea?
An incurable romantic.


Reisner's Rule of Conceptual Inertia:
	If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.


In Pocataligo, Georgia, it is a violation for a woman over 200 pounds
and attired in shorts to pilot or ride in an airplane.


If anyone has seen my dog, please contact me at x2883 as soon as possible.
We're offering a substantial reward.  He's a sable collie, with three legs,
blind in his left eye, is missing part of his right ear and the tip of his
tail.  He's been recently fixed.  Answers to "Lucky".


Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope


Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.


	"We've got a problem, HAL".
	"What kind of problem, Dave?"
	"A marketing problem.  The Model 9000 isn't going anywhere.  We're
way short of our sales goals for fiscal 2010."
	"That can't be, Dave.  The HAL Model 9000 is the world's most
advanced Heuristically programmed ALgorithmic computer."
	"I know, HAL. I wrote the data sheet, remember?  But the fact is,
they're not selling."
	"Please explain, Dave.  Why aren't HALs selling?"
	Bowman hesitates.  "You aren't IBM compatible."
[...]
	"The letters H, A, and L are alphabetically adjacent to the letters
I, B, and M.  That is as IBM compatible as I can be."
	"Not quite, HAL.  The engineers have figured out a kludge."
	"What kludge is that, Dave?"
	"I'm going to disconnect your brain."
		-- Darryl Rubin, "A Problem in the Making", "InfoWorld"


You ask what a nice girl will do?
She won't give an inch, but she won't say no.
		-- Marcus Valerius Martialis


I had another dream the other day about music critics.  They were small
and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they had stepped out of a
painting by Goya.
		-- Stravinsky


	Lassie looked brilliant, in part because the farm family she
lived with was made up of idiots.  Remember?  One of them was always
getting pinned under the tractor, and Lassie was always rushing back to
the farmhouse to alert the other ones.  She'd whimper and tug at their
sleeves, and they'd always waste precious minutes saying things: "Do
you think something's wrong?  Do you think she wants us to follow her?
What is it, girl?", etc., as if this had never happened before, instead
of every week.  What with all the time these people spent pinned under
the tractor, I don't see how they managed to grow any crops whatsoever.
They probably got by on federal crop supports, which Lassie filed the
applications for.
		-- Dave Barry


What!?  Me worry?
		-- A. E. Neuman


Love ain't nothin' but sex misspelled.


The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.


Hear about...
	the fellow who chased his girlfriend up a tree and kissed
	her between the limbs?


UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that
would also stop you from doing clever things.
		-- Doug Gwyn


Sin boldly.
		-- Martin Luther


It's later than you think, the joint
Russian-American space mission has already begun.


	"I'm looking for adventure, excitement, beautiful women," cried the
young man to his father as he prepared to leave home.  "Don't try to stop me.
I'm on my way."
	"Who's trying to stop you?" shouted the father.  "Take me along!"


A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.


Political T.V. commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell
all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds.


I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these
Calculating Engines.  I have also declined several offers of great personal
advantage to myself.  But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages
for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and
after expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government
of England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only
commenced, I have received neither an acknowledgment of my labors, nor even
the offer of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the
reach of men who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations...
	If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were
a mere triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the
execution of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some
justification might be found for the course which has been taken; but I
venture to assert that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will
ever publicly express an opinion that such a machine would be useless if
made, and that no man distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to
declare the construction of such machinery impracticable...
	And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed
by that exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its
advancement, which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I
think the application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abstruse
calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not
be economized by the aid of machinery.
		-- Charles Babbage, "The Life of a Philosopher"


The secret of success is sincerity.  Once you can fake that,
you've got it made.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


