Higgins:	Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue.
Doolittle:	A little of both, Guv'nor.  Like the rest of us, a
		little of both.
		-- Shaw, "Pygmalion"


There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: "passive" systems collect
the sunlight that hits your home, and "active" systems collect the
sunlight that hits your neighbors' homes, too.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


Her locks an ancient lady gave
Her loving husband's life to save;
And men -- they honored so the dame --
Upon some stars bestowed her name.

But to our modern married fair,
Who'd give their lords to save their hair,
No stellar recognition's given.
There are not stars enough in heaven.


Imagine what we can imagine!
		-- Arthur Rubinstein


Cohn's Law:
	The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less
	time you have to do anything.  Stability is achieved when you spend
	all your time reporting on the nothing you are doing.


In Devon, Connecticut, it is unlawful to walk backwards after sunset.


When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking
about themselves.


Stock's Observation:
	You no sooner get your head above water
	but what someone pulls your flippers off.


Davis's Dictum:
	Problems that go away by themselves, come back by themselves.


Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right
to use the editorial "we".


He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies, the Director, Lucifer,
Belial, and once, at a party, some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".
		-- Stig's Inferno


Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to cut roast beef.
		-- Tom Robbins


I'd like to give the world a hug
And tell it jokes and stuff
And pull its pants down to its knees
And chase it through the rough

Then tie it up with bonds and straps
And search its purse for change
Then leave it out at Moose Grin Hall
With our cousin who's deranged ...
		-- National Lampoon, to an old Coke commercial


Have a nice diurnal anomaly.


He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
		-- John LeCarre


America: born free and taxed to death.


When the naive young lady asked the clerk in Le Sex Shoppe to show her his
selection of vibrators, he brought out the two most popular ones.
	"The basic white plastic one here is twenty dollars," the clerk said.
"The flesh-toned rubber models are thirty."
	"I'm just not sure," the woman said, then she noticed an eye-catching
item on the back shelf.  "How much is that plaid one over there?"
	"Uh, well, that's a pretty special one," said the clerk.  "I couldn't
sell you that one for less than a hundred."
	"I'll take it."
	Later that day, the store owner checked in to see how business was
going.  "Great," the clerk told him.  "This morning, I sold four white
vibrators and three flesh-toned ones.  And, this afternoon, I got a hundred
bucks for my Thermos."


Long, long ago, in the Old West, a rancher rode into town to buy supplies.
When he returned, he found that his whole family had been killed, his wife
raped, his house burned, and all his cattle rustled.  When he told his
distant neighbors about the tragedy, a few of them reported that the only
stranger they had seen in the area for weeks was a tall desperado wearing a
black hat and a red neckerchief.
	The cowboy saddled his fastest horse and set out to find the villian.
He searched for months but couldn't catch up with the culprit; in town after
dusty town he was told that a man fitting the description had been there but
had just departed; usually after some heinous crime.
	One evening after a hard day's ride he came into a town, tied his
horse, and entered the saloon.  At a table in the corner sat an ugly man,
with a black hat and a red neckerchief!  Slowly the cowboy stalked up to
this man, his hands resting upon his guns.
	"Are you the man who killed my family, raped my wife, burned my
house and rustled my cattle?"
	"Probably; after so many, how can I be sure?" snarled the bandit.
	"You better cut that shit out!"


It's the thought, if any, that counts!


Allen's Axiom:
	When all else fails, read the instructions.


Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school
make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.


If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.


Everything I like is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
		-- Alexander Woollcott


Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
		-- Woody Allen


Kirk to Enterprise...


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #21

A:	Dr. Livingston I. Presume.
Q:	What's Dr. Presume's full name?


Working hard around here is like pissing on yourself in a dark suit;
you get a warm feeling but nobody notices.


The best equipment for your work is, of course, the most expensive.
However, your neighbor is always wasting money that should be yours
by judging things by their price.


We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
		-- Marie Ebner von Eschenbach


Distrust all those who love you extremely upon a very slight
acquaintance and without any visible reason.
		-- Lord Chesterfield


"Shelter", what a nice name for a place where you polish your cat.


Today is a good day for information-gathering.
Read someone else's mail file.


If it doesn't smell yet, it's pretty fresh.
		-- Dave Johnson, on dead seagulls


Science Fiction, Double Feature.
Frank has built and lost his creature.
Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet.
The servants gone to a distant planet.
Wo, oh, oh, oh.
At the late night, double feature, Picture show.
I want to go, oh, oh, oh.
To the late night, double feature, Picture show.
		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show


Heavy, adj.:
	Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.


While he was in New York on location for _Bronco Billy_ (1980), Clint
Eastwood agreed to a television interview.  His host, somewhat hostile,
began by defining a Clint Eastwood picture as a violent, ruthless,
lawless, and bloody piece of mayhem, and then asked Eastwood himself to
define a Clint Eastwood picture.  "To me," said Eastwood calmly, "what
a Clint Eastwood picture is, is one that I'm in."
		-- Boller and Davis, "Hollywood Anecdotes"


Lisp hackers have to be bound (to-do 'it) ...


Tri Delts; everyone else has.


Computers don't actually think.
	You just think they think.
		(We think.)


The three laws of thermodynamics:
	(1) You can't get anything without working for it.
	(2) The most you can accomplish by working is to break even.
	(3) You can only break even at absolute zero.


In any world menu, Canada must be considered the vichyssoise of nations --
it's cold, half-French, and difficult to stir.
		-- Stuart Keate


Les salons de la ville de Trieste
Sont vaseux, suraigus, at funestes;
	Parmi les grandes chaises
	On cause des malaises,
Des estropiements, et des pestes.
		-- Edward Gorey


Q:	How many Romulans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Twelve.  One to screw the light-bulb in, and eleven
	to self-destruct the ship out of disgrace.

	[Warning: do not tell this joke to Romulans or else be ready for
	a fight.  They consider it to be a disgrace, though it's
	pretty good for a LBJ.  Ed.]


Marriage is low down, but you spend the rest of your life paying for it.
		-- Baskins


Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.


A woman employs sincerity only when every other form of deception has failed.
		-- Scott


TCP/IP Slang Glossary, #1:

Gong, n: Medieval term for privvy, or what passed for them in that era.
Today used whimsically to describe the aftermath of a bogon attack. Think
of our community as the Galapagos of the English language.

Vogons may read you bad poetry, but bogons make you study obsolete RFCs.
		-- Dave Mills


HENPECKED HUSBAND:
	One who's afraid to tell his pregnant wife that he's sterile.


nohup rm -fr /&


Kiss your keyboard goodbye!


Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
		-- John F. Kennedy


And the silence came surging softly backwards
When the plunging hooves were gone...
		-- Walter de La Mare, "The Listeners"


====================
Inter-Dwarf Memo
To: Dwarf-list
From: Doc
Re: S. White

	If that bitch cleans one more thermometer with Ajax, I'm gonna kill
her.  I'll give her apples, nice big apples.  With surprises inside. Yeah,
surprises.


It's illegal in Wilbur, Washington, to ride an ugly horse.


Lake Erie died for your sins.


Although a fifth-generation American, Father Sweeny was more Irish than most
of Erin's natives.  He spoke with an Irish brogue which had mysteriously
appeared during his nineteenth year and he *hated* the English.  Due to his
proclivity to belabor the British from his pulpit, complaints to his
superiors were not infrequent.  He would blame anything evil or merely
inconvenient on the English people.  If there was an act of terrorism, the
responsibility was promptly laid at the feet of the Brits.  If there was a
natural disaster, undoubtedly the English government was an accessory to
the fact, if not outrightly culpable.  Repeatedly, his superiors called him
on the carpet for his behavior.  After a particularly vituperative
anti-British broadside, the Bishop instructed Father Sweeny to come straight
to his office; do not pass GO; do not collect two hundred dollars.  Summing
up a humiliating and soul-marking reprimand, the Bishop ended with: "Next
week is Saint Patrick's Day.  If you so much as *mention* the British, it's
your last sermon!"

The following Sunday, as Father Sweeny spoke lovingly and eloquently of
Saint Patrick, and he made a reference to the last Passover celebrated by
Christ and His disciples.  "Sure, an' you're all familiar with the tale.
You know that Our Lord sat at the table and told his disciples that one
among them would betray Him.  As He looked around the table, He stopped at
Peter, the Rock, who said, `Not I, Lord!'  He looked at Thomas, who doubted,
and Thomas said, `I could never do such a thing!'  Then the Lord looked long
and hard at Judas Iscariot, who said, `Cor, bloimy, Guv'na, you couldn't
main may!'"


African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camellia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiability, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lily:			Purity, sweetness
Lily of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.


In my world, there are people in chains and we can ride them like ponies.
		-- Evil Willow, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Doppelgangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away.  The center
of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away.  You could drive that in a week,
but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
		-- Andy Rooney


I'm successful because I'm lucky.
The harder I work, the luckier I get.


It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


And the French medical anatomist Etienne Serres really did argue that
black males are primitive because the distance between their navel and
penis remains small (relative to body height) throughout life, while
white children begin with a small separation but increase it during
growth -- the rising belly button as a mark of progress.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Racism and Recapitulation"


A neighbor came to Nasrudin, asking to borrow his donkey.  "It is out on
loan," the teacher replied.  At that moment, the donkey brayed loudly inside
the stable.  "But I can hear it bray, over there."  "Whom do you believe,"
asked Nasrudin, "me or a donkey?"


I'd rather push my Harley than ride a rice burner.


Thirteen at a table is unlucky only
when the hostess has only twelve chops.
		-- Groucho Marx


Successful cunnilingus, n.:
	When you wake up the next morning with a face like a
	frosted doughnut.


Paul's Law:
	You can't fall off the floor.


	The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it.  The average
programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it.  The foolish programmer
is told about the Tao and laughs at it.  If it were not for laughter, there
would be no Tao.
	The highest sounds are the hardest to hear.  Going forward is a way to
retreat.  Greater talent shows itself late in life.  Even a perfect program
still has bugs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


PS: This message is not intended to supply the minimum
daily requirement of serious thought.  Consult your doctor
or pharmacist, but not the one that just sent you electronic
junk mail or promises to make explicit drugs fast.
		-- taken from Norman Wilson's .sig


Put another password in,
Bomb it out, then try again.
Try to get past logging in,
We're hacking, hacking, hacking.

Try his first wife's maiden name,
This is more than just a game.
It's real fun, but just the same,
It's hacking, hacking, hacking.


A is for Amy who fell down the stairs, B is for Basil assaulted by bears.
C is for Clara who wasted away, D is for Desmond thrown out of the sleigh.
E is for Ernest who choked on a peach, F is for Fanny, sucked dry by a leech.
G is for George, smothered under a rug, H is for Hector, done in by a thug.
I is for Ida who drowned in the lake, J is for James who took lye, by mistake.
K is for Kate who was struck with an axe, L is for Leo who swallowed some tacks.
M is for Maud who was swept out to sea, N is for Neville who died of ennui.
O is for Olive, run through with an awl, P is for Prue, trampled flat in a brawl
Q is for Quentin who sank in a mire, R is for Rhoda, consumed by a fire.
S is for Susan who parished of fits, T is for Titus who flew into bits.
U is for Una who slipped down a drain, V is for Victor, squashed under a train.
W is for Winnie, embedded in ice, X is for Xerxes, devoured by mice.
Y is for Yorick whose head was bashed in, Z is for Zillah who drank too much gin.
		-- Edward Gorey, "The Gashlycrumb Tinies"


FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #6

	"Johnny, if you fall and break your leg, don't come running to me!"
		-- Mrs. Emily Barstow, June 16, 1954


Computerfirm nymphomaniac, n.:
	Hot Apple pie.


Missed the train at the railway station
Oh hell, blast, and damnation!
Asked a lady in there if she had the time,
She said "Yes", and a strong inclination.


QOTD:
	"A university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem."


And that's the way it is...
		-- Walter Cronkite


In order to dial out, it is necessary to broaden one's dimension.


If you remember the 60's, you weren't there.


Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
		-- Kin Hubbard


So you think that money is the root of all evil.
Have you ever asked what is the root of money?
		-- Ayn Rand


As you know, birds do not have sexual organs because they would
interfere with flight.  [In fact, this was the big breakthrough for the
Wright Brothers.  They were watching birds one day, trying to figure
out how to get their crude machine to fly, when suddenly it dawned on
Wilbur.  "Orville," he said, "all we have to do is remove the sexual
organs!"  You should have seen their original design.]  As a result,
birds are very, very difficult to arouse sexually.  You almost never
see an aroused bird.  So when they want to reproduce, birds fly up and
stand on telephone lines, where they monitor telephone conversations
with their feet.  When they find a conversation in which people are
talking dirty, they grip the line very tightly until they are both
highly aroused, at which point the female gets pregnant.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


There's a vas deferens between men and women.


Don't cook tonight -- starve a rat today!


Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Various signs in Poland:

		Right turn toward immediate outside.

		Go soothingly in the snow, as there lurk the ski demons.

		Five o'clock tea at all hours.

	In a men's washroom in Sidney:

		Shake excess water from hands, push button to start,
		rub hands rapidly under air outlet and wipe hands
		on front of shirt.

		-- Colin Bowles, San Francisco Chronicle


Almost anything derogatory you could say
about today's software design would be accurate.
		-- K. E. Iverson


If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
		-- J. Paul Getty


Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.


Courtship to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
		-- William Congreve


Hanlon's Razor:
	Never attribute to malice
	that which is adequately explained by stupidity.


You may be recognized soon.  Hide.


A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the
damned things is ample.
		-- Rebecca West


No one becomes depraved in a moment.
		-- Decimus Junius Juvenalis


Decision maker, n.:
	The person in your office who was unable to form a task force
	before the music stopped.


He'd kiss and the girls called him Georgie
They'd cry and the girls called him Porgie.
	So he put Spanish fly
	In their pudding and pie
And had the first tiny-tot orgy.


The only real argument for marriage is that it remains the best method
for getting acquainted.
		-- Heywood Broun


The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid
prejudice.
		-- Mark Twain


The First: I'm not a demon little girl, I am something that you can't
	even conceive.  The first evil.  Beyond sin, beyond death.
	I am the thing the darkness fears.  You'll never see me but I
	am everywhere.  Every being, every thought, every drop of hate.
Buffy:	Alright I get it, you're evil.  Do we have to chat about it all day?
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Amends"
		   Season 3, Episode 10


I watch television because you don't know what it will do if you leave it
in the room alone.


The Great Movie Posters:

When You're Six Tons -- And They Call You Killer -- It's Hard To Make
Friends...
		-- Namu, the Killer Whale (1966)

Meet the Girls with the Thermo-Nuclear Navels!
		-- Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs (1966)

A GHASTLY TALE DRENCHED WITH GOUTS OF BLOOD SPURTING FROM THE VICTIMS
OF A CRAZED MADMAN'S LUST.
		-- A Taste of Blood (1967)


If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.


Been through hell?
What did you bring back for me?


Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
		-- Sophia Loren


Murphy was an optimist.


PENGUINICITY!!


There are more things in heaven and earth,
Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
		-- Hamlet


Q:	How many journalists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Three.  One to report it as an inspired government program to bring
	light to the people, one to report it as a diabolical government plot
	to deprive the poor of darkness, and one to win a Pulitzer prize for
	reporting that Electric Company hired a lightbulb-assassin to break
	the bulb in the first place.


My girlfriend's favorite erotic position is bending over my credit cards.


It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression
when you lose yours.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.
		-- H. R. Haldeman


Nasrudin returned to his village from the imperial capital, and the villagers
gathered around to hear what had passed.  "At this time," said Nasrudin, "I
only want to say that the King spoke to me."  All the villagers but the
stupidest ran off to spread the wonderful news.  The remaining villager
asked, "What did the King say to you?"  "What he said -- and quite distinctly,
for everyone to hear -- was 'Get out of my way!'" The simpleton was overjoyed;
he had heard words actually spoken by the King, and seen the very man they
were spoken to.


It is bad luck to be superstitious.
		-- Andrew W. Mathis


Fear and loathing, my man, fear and loathing.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


An actor's a guy who if you ain't talkin' about him, ain't listening.
		-- Marlon Brando


Happy is the child whose father died rich.


KANSAS:
	Where the men are men and so are the women!


You work very hard.  Don't try to think as well.


The Second Law of Thermodynamics:
	If you think things are in a mess now, just wait!
		-- Jim Warner


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


When you're down and out, lift up your
voice and shout, "I'M DOWN AND OUT"!


How you look depends on where you go.


This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobazz Magic Co., Ltd.


Successful cunnilingus, n.:
	When you wake up the next morning with a face like a
	frosted doughnut.


The most common form of marriage proposal: "YOU'RE WHAT!?"


Some Harvard men, stalwart and hairy,
Drank up several bottles of sherry;
	In the Yard around three
	They were shrieking with glee:
"Come on out, we are burning a fairy!"
		-- Edward Gorey


Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
		-- P. J. Denning


On the subject of C program indentation:

	"In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be
	indented six feet downward and covered with dirt."
		-- Blair P. Houghton


Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name.
Thy programs run, thy syscalls done,
In kernel as it is in user.


Green's Law of Debate:
Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.


Priority:
	A statement of the importance of a user or a program.  Often
	expressed as a relative priority, indicating that the user doesn't
	care when the work is completed so long as he is treated less
	badly than someone else.


His super power is to turn into a scotch terrier.


QOTD:
	"I don't give a flying fuck at a rolling doughnut."


Shopping at this grody little computer store at the Galleria for a
totally awwwsome Apple.  Fer suuure.  I mean Apples are nice you
know?  But, you know, there is this cute guy who works there and HE
says that VAX's are cooler!  I mean I don't really know, you know?
He says that he has this totally tubular VAX at home and it's stuffed
with memory-to-the-max!  Right, yeah.  And he wants to take me home
to show it to me.  Oh My God!  I'm suuure.  Gag me with a Prime!


Eeny, Meeny, Jelly Beanie, the spirits are about to speak!
		-- Bullwinkle J. Moose


A lisping fag fell off a pleasure yacht and began to scream.  "Help! Help, I
can't thwim!"  One of the other passengers heard the caterwauling and leaned
over the rail, remarking, "Really, there's no need to scream.  Just reach out
and grab that buoy near you."  To which the floundering sodomite answered,
"Buoy!  Oh, thith ith no time for thekth, you degenerate... I'm dwowning!"


Look up and not down, look forward and not back, look out and not in,
and lend a hand.
		-- Edward Everett Hale, "Lowell Institute Lectures" (1869)


Vegetarians beware!  You are what you eat.


Q:	Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
A:	It wasn't IBM compatible.


Laws are like sausages.  It's better not to see them being made.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


I respect the institution of marriage.  I have always thought that every
woman should marry -- and no man.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Lothair"


I can't believe that out of 100,000 sperm, you were the quickest.
		-- Steven Pearl


Asked by reporters about his upcoming marriage to a forty-two-year-old
woman, director Roman Polanski told reporters, "The way I look at it,
she's the equivalent of three fourteen-year-olds."
		-- David Letterman


Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio, replied: "You see, wire
telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.  You pull his tail in New
York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.  Do you understand this?
And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they
receive them there.  The only difference is that there is no cat."


Two recent emigrants to the United States, on their first day off the boat
in New York City, spied a hotdog vendor.  "Do they eat dogs in America?"
one asked his companion.
	"I don't know."
	"Well, if we're going to live in America, we have to learn to eat
American foods."
	So they each bought a wax paper wrapped hotdog and sat down to eat
them on a nearby park bench.  One man looked inside his wax paper, then over
at the other man, and asked, "So, what part did you get?"


Didja hear about the dyslexic devil worshiper who sold his soul to Santa?


I am fairly unrepentant about her poetry.  I really think that three
quarters of it is gibberish.  However, I must crush down these thoughts
otherwise the dove of peace will shit on me.
		-- Noel Coward on Edith Sitwell


Isn't it ironic that many men spend a great part of their lives
avoiding marriage while single-mindedly pursuing those things that
would make them better prospects?


Q:	Why is Sister Pat the way she is?
A:	Because when she was 16, a group of boys tied her up and
	gang-rejected her.


Gross, adj.:
	When your bloody mary still has the string in it.


Lie, n.:
	A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one
	discovered to date.


Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.


