One Bell System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!


The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the
average man can see better than he can think.


	There once was a master programmer who wrote unstructured programs.
A novice programmer, seeking to imitate him, also began to write unstructured
programs.  When the novice asked the master to evaluate his progress, the
master criticized him for writing unstructured programs, saying: "What is
appropriate for the master is not appropriate for the novice.  You must
understand the Tao before transcending structure."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Ruling a big country is like cooking a small fish.
		-- Lao Tsu


How many priests are needed for a Boston Mass?


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with
sloppy analysis!


Bore, n.:
	A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Here I sit, broken-hearted,
All logged in, but work unstarted.
First net.this and net.that,
And a hot buttered bun for net.fat.

The boss comes by, and I play the game,
Then I turn back to net.flame.
Is there a cure (I need your views),
For someone trapped in net.news?

I need your help, I say 'tween sobs,
'Cause I'll soon be listed in net.jobs.


Why would anyone want to be called "Later"?


Life would be tolerable but for its amusements.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.


The plural of spouse is spice.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.


	"You are *so* lovely."
	"Yes."
	"Yes!  And you take a compliment, too!  I like that in a goddess."


The Tao doesn't take sides;
it gives birth to both wins and losses.
The Guru doesn't take sides;
she welcomes both hackers and lusers.

The Tao is like a stack:
the data changes but not the structure.
the more you use it, the deeper it becomes;
the more you talk of it, the less you understand.

Hold on to the root.


... indifference is a militant thing ... when it goes away it leaves
smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat.  It is
not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
		-- Stephen Crane


Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint Him.


Al Gore resembled a Vulcan desperately in need of a blow job.
		-- Bobcat Goldthwait


The kings of Peru were the Incas,
Who were known far and wide as great drincas.
	They worshiped the sun
	And had lots of fun,
But the peasants all thought they were stincas.


You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.


Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.


Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.  Only it's his light bulb when he's done.


The difference between America and England is, the English think 100
miles is a long distance and the Americans think 100 years is a long time.


EE's do it without shorts.


Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone
in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Higgins:	Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue.
Doolittle:	A little of both, Guv'nor.  Like the rest of us, a
		little of both.
		-- Shaw, "Pygmalion"


Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.


Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Listener"


When people have trouble communicating,
the least they can do is to shut up.
		-- Tom Lehrer


What we need in this country, instead of Daylight Savings Time, which
nobody really understands anyway, is a new concept called Weekday
Morning Time, whereby at 7 a.m. every weekday we go into a space-
launch-style "hold" for two to three hours, during which it just
remains 7 a.m.  This way we could all wake up via a civilized gradual
process of stretching and belching and scratching, and it would still
be only 7 a.m. when we were ready to actually emerge from bed.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire


All Gods were immortal.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
		-- Bette Davis


You'll be a guest at a gay party.
That will have important consequences for you.


The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance,
no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
		-- Harry V. Wade


	"My God!  Are we sure he was a liberal?"
	"Pretty sure.  They pulled him from a Volvo."


God shows his contempt for wealth by the kind of person he selects
to receive it.
		-- Austin O'Malley


Competitive fury is not always anger.  It is the true missionary's
courage and zeal in facing the possibility that one's best may not
be enough.
		-- Gene Scott


Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.


FreeBSD Trivia:
	Did you know that successive security officers take
control by beheading their predecessor?
		-- Robert Watson


Neuroses are red,
	Melancholia's blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	What are you?


Cleveland still lives.  God MUST be dead.


Brunette bush, n.:
	The dark side of the moon.


Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
		-- F. M. Hubbard


	page 46
...a report citing a study by Dr. Thomas C. Chalmers, of the Mount Sinai
Medical Center in New York, which compared two groups that were being used
to test the theory that ascorbic acid is a cold preventative.  "The group
on placebo who thought they were on ascorbic acid," says Dr. Chalmers,
"had fewer colds than the group on ascorbic acid who thought they were
on placebo."
	page 56
The placebo is proof that there is no real separation between mind and body.
Illness is always an interaction between both.  It can begin in the mind and
affect the body, or it can begin in the body and affect the mind, both of
which are served by the same bloodstream.  Attempts to treat most mental
diseases as though they were completely free of physical causes and attempts
to treat most bodily diseases as though the mind were in no way involved must
be considered archaic in the light of new evidence about the way the human
body functions.
		-- Norman Cousins,
		   "Anatomy of an Illness as Perceived by the Patient"


Poverty begins at home.


If you already know what recursion is, just remember the answer.
Otherwise, find someone who is standing closer to Douglas Hofstadter
than you are; then ask him or her what recursion is.
		-- Andrew Plotkin


If you sit down at a poker game and don't see a sucker, get up.  You're
the sucker.


Happy feast of the pig!


We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
And a Sun Myung Moon!
		-- Maxwell Smart


If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.


The Bible says that woman was the last thing God made.
Evidently He made her on Saturday night.  She reveals his fatigue.
		-- Dumas


Reception area, n.:
	The purgatory where office visitors are condemned to spend
	innumerable hours reading dog-eared back issues of trade
	magazines like Modern Plastics, Chain Saw Age, and Chicken World,
	while the receptionist blithely reads her own trade magazine --
	Cosmopolitan.


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you
want to test a man's character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Public use of any portable music system is a
virtually guaranteed indicator of sociopathic tendencies.
		-- Zoso


Kill a commie for Christ!


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!


The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of
its capacity -- the rest is overhead for the operating system.


He who laughs last is probably your boss.


WELL-ADJUSTED:
	The ability to play bridge or golf as if they were games.


Catharsis is something I associate with pornography and crossword puzzles.
		-- Howard Chaykin


PS: This message is not intended to supply the minimum
daily requirement of serious thought.  Consult your doctor
or pharmacist, but not the one that just sent you electronic
junk mail or promises to make explicit drugs fast.
		-- taken from Norman Wilson's .sig


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to
	be maintained."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.


If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.


Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.


Gold's Law:
	If the shoe fits, it's ugly.


Why isn't there some cheap and easy
way to prove how much she means to me?


A good name lost is seldom regained.  When character is gone,
all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever.
		-- J. Hawes


18th Rule of Friendship:
	A friend will let you hold the ladder while he goes up on the roof
	to install your new aerial, which is the biggest son-of-a-bitch you
	ever saw.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #108

In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless
there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red
flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.


To jaw-jaw is better than to war-war.
		-- Winston Churchill, on Korean War negotiations


When the cup is full, carry it level.


HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#32: You call your answering service and they've never heard of
	     you.


Oh freddled gruntbuggly, thy micturations are to me
As plurdled gabbleblotchits on a lurgid bee.
Groop I implore thee, my foonting turlingdromes,
And hooptiously drangle me with crinkly bindlewurdles,
Or I will rend thee in the goblerwarts with my blurglecruncheon,
	see if I don't.
		-- Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz


Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober,
responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and
immature.
		-- Tom Robbins


The only rose without thorns is friendship.


Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness
of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule."
		-- David Guaspari


Couldn't we jury-rig the cat to act as an audio switch, and have it yell
at people to save their core images before logging them out?  I'm sure
the cattle prod would be effective in this regard.  In any case, a traverse
mounted iguana, while more perverted, gives better traction, not to mention
being easier to stake.


I've always considered statesmen to be more expendable than soldiers.


The difference between her and the Titanic is that only 1100 men
went down on the Titanic.


Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off of the TV screen.


Boling's postulate:
	If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.


Zounds!  I was never so bethump'd with words
since I first call'd my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King John"


	A programmer from a very large computer company went to a software
conference and then returned to report to his manager, saying: "What sort
of programmers work for other companies?  They behaved badly and were
unconcerned with appearances. Their hair was long and unkempt and their
clothes were wrinkled and old. They crashed our hospitality suites and they
made rude noises during my presentation."
	The manager said: "I should have never sent you to the conference.
Those programmers live beyond the physical world.  They consider life absurd,
an accidental coincidence.  They come and go without knowing limitations.
Without a care, they live only for their programs.  Why should they bother
with social conventions?"
	"They are alive within the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.


Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
		-- E. M. Forster


	In the beginning was the Tao.  The Tao gave birth to Space and Time.
Therefore, Space and Time are the Yin and Yang of programming.

	Programmers that do not comprehend the Tao are always running out of
time and space for their programs.  Programmers that comprehend the Tao always
have enough time and space to accomplish their goals.
	How could it be otherwise?
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
		-- Joseph Alsop


Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
		-- e. e. cummings


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


You can't kiss a girl unexpectedly --
only sooner than she thought you would.


Q:	How does the Polish Constitution differ from the American?
A:	Under the Polish Constitution citizens are guaranteed freedom of
	speech, but under the United States constitution they are
	guaranteed freedom after speech.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987


QOTD:
	"Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there,
	I go to work."


Philadelphia is not dull -- it just seems so because it is next to
exciting Camden, New Jersey.


Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong.
		-- Blair Houghton


It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.


All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely
than others.
		-- Alan Truscott


He's not pining, he's passed on!  This parrot won't squawk!  He's
ceased to be!  He's expired, and gone to meet his maker!  It's a
stiff!  No breath of life, he may rest in peace!  If you hadn't nailed
him to the perch, he'd be pushing up the daisies!  He's off the twig!
He's kicked the bucket!  He's curled up his tooties!  He's shuffled off
this mortal world!  He's run down the curtain, and joined the bleed'n
Choir Invincible!  HE'S FUCKING SNUFFED IT!  Vis-a-vi his metabolic
processes is head is lost.  All statements concerning this parrot is no
longer a going concern, after from now on, Inoperative...

		THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!!
		-- Monty Python


On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!], "Pray, Mr.
Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers
come out?"  I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of
ideas that could provoke such a question.
		-- Charles Babbage


Help Stamp Out Rape!  (Say Yes.)


And so it goes.  It is humiliating, when you should know better, to become
victim of the timeless story of the little brown dog running across the
freight yard, crossing all the railroad tracks until a switch engine nipped
off the end of his tail between wheel and rail.  The little dog yelped, and
he spun so quickly to check himself out that the next wheel chopped through
his little brown neck.  The moral is, of course, never lose your head over
a piece of tail.
		-- John D. MacDonald, "The Scarlet Ruse"


Q:	Why did the mathematician name his dog "Cauchy"?
A:	Because he left a residue at every pole.


Graduate life -- it's not just a job, it's an indenture.


If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.


Dammit, man, that's unprofessional!  A good bartender laughs anyway!


Queensboro president Donald Mannis, charged with receiving bribes in
exchange for city contracts, resigned on Tuesday.  Mannis feels he must
devote more time to impending litigation, some of which might emanate
from a recent statement he made comparing New York Mayor Ed Koch to
Nazi Martin Bormann.  A spokesman from the Bormann estate said they are
weighing the odds of a slander suit.  Mayor Koch could naturally be
reached for comment, but we chose not to listen.
		-- Dennis Miller, "Saturday Night Live"


I don't discriminate on the basis of sex.
		-- Bisexuality, 101
		[An equal opportunity lover?  Ed.]


Women who want to be equal to men lack imagination
		-- Graffito in a women's restroom


He drank with curvy Mable,
The pace was fast and furious,
He slid beneath the table,
Not drunk but merely curious.


It is better to be on penicillin, than never to have loved at all.


I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and
implement a PL/1 compiler.
		-- T. Cheatham


When in doubt, lead trump.


I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.


Bill and Jim were walking home from work.  As they walked along, they
discussed their wives' spending habits.  "I don't understand how women
can spend so much money," Bill exclaimed.  "I mean, understand, she
don't drink, and she's got her own pussy!"


Fog Lamps, n.:
	Excessively (often obnoxiously) bright lamps mounted on the fronts
	of automobiles; used on dry, clear nights to indicate that the
	driver's brain is in a fog.  See also "Idiot Lights".


Hear that...
	the only thing worse than coming home with lipstick on your
	collar is being caught with leg make-up on your ears?


	The Tao gave birth to machine language.  Machine language gave birth
to the assembler.
	The assembler gave birth to the compiler.  Now there are ten thousand
languages.
	Each language has its purpose, however humble.  Each language
expresses the Yin and Yang of software.  Each language has its place within
the Tao.
	But do not program in COBOL if you can avoid it.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


A beautiful, voluptuous woman goes to see a gynecologist.  The doctor takes
one look at this woman and his professionalism is a thing of the past.  Right
away he tells her to undress.  After she has disrobed he begins to stroke her
thigh.  As he does this he says to the woman, "Do you know what I'm doing?"
	"Yes," she says, "you're checking for any abrasions or dermatological
abnormalities."
	"Correct," says the doctor.  He then begins to fondle her breasts.
"Do you know what I'm doing now?" he says.
	"Yes," says the woman, "you're checking for any lumps or breast
cancer."
	"That's right," replies the doctor.  He then gradually proceeds to
having sexual intercourse with her.  "Do you know," he pants, "what I'm doing
now?"
	"Yes," she says.  "You're getting herpes."


A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.


Noncombatant, n.:
	A dead Quaker.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Meanwhile, back at the ranch, Granny was a-beating off the Indians, but
they jus' kept on a-comin'.  Back at the outhouse, things were a-pilin' up.
And, as the U.S. Fourth Calvary mounted the hill, Tonto, cleverly disguised
as a doorknob, came off in the Lone Ranger's hand.


The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd
And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven;
The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth
And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change.
These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you
don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology.
		-- Bruce Schneier


When ev'rybody's tryin' to sleep,
I'm somewhere makin' my midnight creep.		Chorus:
In the mornin' the rooster crow,	I am a back door man,
Somethin' tells me I got to go.		I am a back door man,
					Well, the men don't know,
They take me to the doctor,		But the little girls understand.
	shot full of holes,
Nurse try to save a soul.
Killed her for murder first degree,
Judge what tried let the man go free.

Stand up, cop's wife cried, don't take him down,
Rather be dead six feet in the ground.
When you come home, you can eat pork and beans,
I eats more chicken than any man's seen.
		-- Willie Dixon, "Backdoor Man" (1961)


Old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
		-- Bernard Baruch


God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.


There is no such thing as a free lunch.


Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare


Lunatic Asylum, n.:
	The place where optimism most flourishes.


The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Consider the little mouse, how sagacious an animal
it is which never entrusts its life to one hole only.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to
point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very
fast.  People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are
often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people
from point B are so keen to get there and what's so great about point B
that so many people from point A are so keen to get _t_h_e_r_e.  They often
wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell
they wanted to be.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Learning French is trivial: the word for horse is cheval, and
everything else follows in the same way.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Being in the army is like being in the Boy Scouts, except that the
Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
		-- Blake Clark


The real trouble with women is that they have *all* the pussy.


All the evidence concerning the universe
has not yet been collected, so there's still hope.


Beware of geeks bearing graft.


Come home America.
		-- George McGovern, 1972


You'll always be,
What you always were,
Which has nothing to do with,
All to do, with her.
		-- Company


Nancy Reagan wants to divorce old Ron...
seems he's making it hard for everyone but her.


Justice is incidental to law and order.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your
program doesn't deliver it.


When a woman gives me a present I have always two surprises:
first is the present, and afterward, having to pay for it.
		-- Donnay


All that glitters has a high refractive index.


It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.


Here's to the girl that's dressed in black,
She's dressed so neat there's nothing to lack
She feels so fine and kisses so sweet
She makes things stand that have no feet.


We Americans, we're a simple people... but piss us off, and we'll bomb
your cities.
		-- Robin Williams


She is not refined.  She is not unrefined.  She keeps a parrot.
		-- Mark Twain


	What is involved in such [close] relationships is a form of emotional
chemistry, so far unexplained by any school of psychiatry I am aware of, that
conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and
repulsion.  You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and
they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor
passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.  Conversely,
all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice
and they remain permanent influences on your life.
	Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen
as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.  The chemical action it entails is
less worth analyzing than enjoying.  At any rate, these six pieces are about
men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's
more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word "empathy".
		-- Alistair Cooke, "Six Men"


She made a thing of soft leather,
And topped off the end with a feather.
	When she poked it inside her
	She took off like a glider,
And gave up her lover forever.


That woman speaks eight languages and can't say "no" in any of them.
		-- Dorothy Parker


Oh, by the way, which one's Pink?
		-- Pink Floyd


Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men, for
the nastiest of reasons, will somehow work for the benefit of us all.
		-- John Maynard Keynes


The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
		-- Wavy Gravy


If we spoke a different language, we
would perceive a somewhat different world.
		-- Wittgenstein


Character is what you are in the dark!
		-- Lord John Whorfin


Prunes give you a run for your money.


How to become a sysop:
	I grew a beard, started wearing only t-shirts and jeans, and
	developed a surly attitude. The group accepted me, and I've never
	worked a full day in my life since then.
		-- rho/slashdot


He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.


If all the world's economists were laid end to end,
we wouldn't reach a conclusion.
		-- William Baumol


Women, when they are not in love, have all
the cold blood of an experienced attorney.
		-- Honore de Balzac


I began many years ago, as so many young men do, in searching for the
perfect woman.  I believed that if I looked long enough, and hard enough,
I would find her and then I would be secure for life.  Well, the years
and romances came and went, and I eventually ended up settling for someone
a lot less than my idea of perfection.  But one day, after many years
together, I lay there on our bed recovering from a slight illness.  My
wife was sitting on a chair next to the bed, humming softly and watching
the late afternoon sun filtering through the trees.  The only sounds to
be heard elsewhere were the clock ticking, the kettle downstairs starting
to boil, and an occasional schoolchild passing beneath our window.  And
as I looked up into my wife's now wrinkled face, but still warm and
twinkling eyes, I realized something about perfection...  It comes only
with time.
		-- James L. Collymore, "Perfect Woman"


	A MODERN FABLE

Aesop's fables and other traditional children's stories involve allegory
far too subtle for the youth of today.  Children need an updated message
with contemporary circumstance and plot line, and short enough to suit
today's minute attention span.

	The Troubled Aardvark

Once upon a time, there was an aardvark whose only pleasure in life was
driving from his suburban bungalow to his job at a large brokerage house
in his brand new 4x4.  He hated his manipulative boss, his conniving and
unethical co-workers, his greedy wife, and his sniveling, spoiled
children.  One day, the aardvark reflected on the meaning of his life and
his career and on the unchecked, catastrophic decline of his nation, its
pathetic excuse for leadership, and the complete ineffectiveness of any
personal effort he could make to change the status quo.  Overcome by a
wave of utter depression and self-doubt, he decided to take the only
course of action that would bring him greater comfort and happiness: he
drove to the mall and bought imported consumer electronics goods.

MORAL OF THE STORY:  Invest in foreign consumer electronics manufacturers.
		-- Tom Annau


You can learn many things from children.  How much patience you have,
for instance.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


Champagne don't make me lazy.
Cocaine don't drive me crazy.
Ain't nobody's business but my own.
		-- Taj Mahal


