Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
		-- Anonymous


To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


We must believe that it is the darkest before the dawn
of a beautiful new world.  We will see it when we believe it.
		-- Saul Alinsky


Al Gore resembled a Vulcan desperately in need of a blow job.
		-- Bobcat Goldthwait


If you don't ride a camel to work, you ain't Sheeite.


If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton


The cruelest of creatures' the crab
With claws that can pinch you or stab,
	And then when you dine
	On crab and white wine
It gets you as well with the tab.


Q:	What's the difference between the 1950's and the 1980's?
A:	In the 80's, a man walks into a drugstore and states loudly, "I'd
	like some condoms," and then, leaning over the counter, whispers,
	"and some cigarettes."


Children are like cats, they can tell when you don't like
them.  That's when they come over and violate your body space.


America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until
people got tired of living in a place called "Vespuccia" and changed its
name to "America".
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


An atheist is a man with no invisible means of support.


Watership Down:
You've read the book.  You've seen the movie.  Now eat the stew!


Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
		-- Harry Secombe's diet


If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it.


I am NOMAD!


If God had wanted you to go around nude,
He would have given you bigger hands.


Tell me why the stars do shine,
Tell me why the ivy twines,
Tell me why the sky's so blue,
And I will tell you just why I love you.

	Nuclear fusion makes stars to shine,
	Phototropism makes ivy twine,
	Rayleigh scattering makes sky so blue,
	Sexual hormones are why I love you.


When Cthulhu calls, He calls collect!


Q:	What did the regular expression match?
A:	Identified the patterns "matc" and "match"


Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.


	It is a period of system war.  User programs, striking from a hidden
directory, have won their first victory against the evil Administrative Empire.
During the battle, User spies managed to steal secret source code to the
Empire's ultimate program: the Are-Em Star, a privileged root program with
enough power to destroy an entire file structure.  Pursued by the Empire's
sinister audit trail, Princess _LPA0 races ~ aboard her shell script,
custodian of the stolen listings that could save her people, and restore
freedom and games to the network...
		-- DECWARS


There was a writer in 'Life' magazine ... who claimed that rabbits have
no memory, which is one of their defensive mechanisms.  If they recalled
every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become
insupportable.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.


To win a woman in the first place one must please her, then undress her, and
then somehow get her clothes back on her.  Finally, so she will allow you
to leave her, you've got to annoy her.
		-- Jean Giraudoux, "Amphitryon 38"


The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality
of functions performed by private citizens.
		-- Alexis de Tocqueville


... But the reward of a successful collaboration is a thing that cannot
be produced by either of the parties working alone.  It is akin to the
benefits of sex with a partner, as opposed to masturbation.  The latter
is fun, but you show me anyone who has gotten a baby from playing with
him or herself, and I'll show you an ugly baby, with just a whole bunch
of knuckles.
		-- Harlan Ellison


The Roman Rule
	The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the
	one who is doing it.


Am I ranting?  I hope so.  My ranting gets raves.


Monogamy is the Western custom of one wife and hardly any mistresses.
		-- H. H. Munro


I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker


	I paid a visit to my local precinct in Greenwich Village and
asked a sergeant to show me some rape statistics.  He politely obliged.
That month there had been thirty-five rape complaints, an advance of ten
over the same month for the previous year.  The precinct had made two
arrests.
	"Not a very impressive record," I offered.
	"Don't worry about it," the sergeant assured me.  "You know what
these complaints represent?"
	"What do they represent?" I asked.
	"Prostitutes who didn't get their money," he said firmly,
closing the book.
		-- Susan Brownmiller, "Against Our Will"


QOTD:
	"Flash!  Flash!  I love you! ...but we only have fourteen hours to
	save the earth!"


Dear Freshman,
	You don't know who I am and frankly shouldn't care, but
unknown to you we have something in common.  We are both rather
prone to mistakes.  I was elected Student Government President by
mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.


Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
		-- Michelangelo


When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam:
I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
		-- Woody Allen


This fortune is dedicated to your mother, without whose
invaluable assistance last night would never have been possible.


O!  If I were a fish
I'd lay hap'ly on my dish.
Yes, that's my one and only wish --
To be a fish!

For fish don't ever mish;
They needn't flush after they pish!
Yes, and life's just swish, swish, swish,
For all the fish!!!


	"I thought you were trying to get into shape."
	"I am. The shape I've selected is a triangle."


To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.


	Some 1500 miles west of the Big Apple we find the Minneapple, a
haven of tranquility in troubled times.  It's a good town, a civilized town.
A town where they still know how to get your shirts back by Thursday.  Let
the Big Apple have the feats of "Broadway Joe" Namath.  We have known the
stolid but steady Killebrew.  Listening to Cole Porter over a dry martini
may well suit those unlucky enough never to have heard the Whoopee John Polka
Band and never to have shared a pitcher of 3.2 Grain Belt Beer.  The loss is
theirs.  And the Big Apple has yet to bake the bagel that can match peanut
butter on lefse.  Here is a town where the major urban problem is dutch elm
disease and the number one crime is overtime parking.  We boast more theater
per capita than the Big Apple.  We go to see, not to be seen.  We go even
when we must shovel ten inches of snow from the driveway to get there.  Indeed
the winters are fierce.  But then comes the marvel of the Minneapple summer.
People flock to the city's lakes to frolic and rejoice at the sight of so
much happy humanity free from the bonds of the traditional down-filled parka.
Here's to the Minneapple.  And to its people.  Our flair for style is balanced
by a healthy respect for wind chill factors.
	And we always, always eat our vegetables.
	This is the Minneapple.


	"The Good Ship Enterprise" (to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop")

On the good ship Enterprise
Every week there's a new surprise
Where the Romulans lurk
And the Klingons often go berserk.

Yes, the good ship Enterprise
There's excitement anywhere it flies
Where Tribbles play
And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.

	See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge,
	Mr. Spock is at his side.
	The weekly menace, ooh-ooh
	It gets fried, scattered far and wide.

It's the good ship Enterprise
Heading out where danger lies
And you live in dread
If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
		-- Doris Robin and Karen Trimble of The L.A. Filkharmonics


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AKBAR KHALI-KILI HAFTIR LOTFAN.
	Thank you for showing me your marvelous gun.

FEKR GABUL CARDAN DAVAT PAEH GUSH DIVAR.
	I am delighted to accept your kind invitation to lie down
	on the floor with my arms above my head and my legs apart.

SHOMAEH FEKR TAMOMEH QEH GOFTEH BANDE.
	I agree with everything you have ever said or thought in your life.


Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it
from religious conviction.
		-- Blaise Pascal, "Pens'ees", 1670


What is good?  Everything that heightens the feeling of power in man, the
will to power, power itself.  What is bad?  Everything that is born of
weakness.  Not contentedness but more power; not peace but war; not virtue
but fitness.  The weak and the failures shall perish: first principle of
our love of man.  And they shall even be given every possible assistance.
What is more harmful than any vice?  Active pity for all the failures and
all the weak: Christianity.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Did you ever notice that everyone in favour of birth control
has already been born?
		-- Benny Hill


Q:	How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Five.  One to screw in the lightbulb and four to share the
		experience.  (Actually, Californians don't screw in
		lightbulbs, they screw in hot tubs.)

Q:	How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all
	those Californians trying to share the experience.


I'd be a poorer man if I'd never seen an eagle fly.
		-- John Denver

[I saw an eagle fly once.  Fortunately, I had my eagle fly swatter handy.  Ed.]


If all the seas were ink,
And all the reeds were pens,
And all the skies were parchment,
And all the men could write,
These would not suffice
To write down all the red tape
Of this Government.


A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention,
and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!


He is the best of men who dislikes power.
		-- Mohammed


Dirksen's Three Laws of Politics:

	1: Get elected.
	2: Get re-elected.
	3: Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Sen. Everett Dirksen


Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired
signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not
fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.  This world in arms is not
spending money alone.  It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the
genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children.  This is not a way
of life at all in any true sense.  Under the clouds of war, it is
humanity hanging on a cross of iron.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, April 16, 1953


Prope mare erat tubulator
Qui virginem ingrediebatur.
	Dessine ingressus
	Audivi progressus:
Est mihi inquit tubulator.


Testing can show the presence of bugs, but not their absence.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Cats are smarter than dogs.  You can't make eight cats pull
a sled through the snow.


Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai
sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles.

Oh, and have a nice day!
		-- Bryce Nesbitt '84


It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and I'm wearing Milkbone underwear.
		-- Cheers


Bolub's Fourth Law of Computerdom:
	Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so
	vividly manifests their lack of progress.


There are new messages.


He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.


It is like saying that for the cause of peace,
God and the Devil will have a high-level meeting.
		-- Rev. Carl McIntire, on Nixon's China trip


Some of them want to use you,
Some of them want to be used by you,
...Everybody's looking for something.
		-- Eurythmics, "Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This)"


I have had my television aerials removed.  It's the moral equivalent
of a prostate operation.
		-- Malcolm Muggeridge


A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of
trouble.
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson


Stockmayer's Theorem:
	If it looks easy, it's tough.
	If it looks tough, it's damn well impossible.


Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?


[The members of the Chamberlain government] are decided only to be
undecided, resolved to be irresolute, adamant for drift, all-powerful
for impotency.
		-- Winston Churchill


I sent a letter to the fish,		I said it very loud and clear,
I told them, "This is what I wish."	I went and shouted in his ear.
The little fishes of the sea,		But he was very stiff and proud,
They sent an answer back to me.		He said "You needn't shout so loud."
The little fishes' answer was		And he was very proud and stiff,
"We cannot do it, sir, because..."	He said "I'll go and wake them if..."
I sent a letter back to say		I took a kettle from the shelf,
It would be better to obey.		I went to wake them up myself.
But someone came to me and said		But when I found the door was locked
"The little fishes are in bed."		I pulled and pushed and kicked and
						knocked,
I said to him, and I said it plain	And when I found the door was shut,
"Then you must wake them up again."	I tried to turn the handle, But...

	"Is that all?" asked Alice.
	"That is all." said Humpty Dumpty. "Goodbye."
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Teamwork is essential -- it allows you to blame someone else.


To restore a sense of reality, I think
Walt Disney should have a Hardluckland.
		-- Jack Paar


A man's father is very, very old, and the son can't afford very good treatment
for him, so he's in a rather shabby, run-down nursing home.  One day the son
wins a lottery -- and the first thing he does is install his father in the best
old age home that money can buy.
	On the first day the old man is sitting watching TV, and he starts
to lean a little bit to one side.  Right away a nurse runs over and gently
straightens the old man.  A little later he's eating dinner, and when he
finishes, he begins to tip a little bit to one side.  Another nurse runs
over and gently pushes him upright again.
	The son visits his father later that evening and asks him how he's
being treated.
	"It's a wonderful place, son," replies the father.  "I really like
it here, gourmet food, color TV's in every room, the service is unbelievable,
there's just one little problem."
	"What's that, Dad?"
	"They won't let you fart."


"Oh, he [a big dog] hunts with papa," she said. "He says Don Carlos [the
dog] is good for almost every kind of game.  He went duck hunting one time
and did real well at it.  Then Papa bought some ducks, not wild ducks but,
you know, farm ducks.  And it got Don Carlos all mixed up.  Since the
ducks were always around the yard with nobody shooting at them he knew he
wasn't supposed to kill them, but he had to do something.  So one morning
last spring, when the ground was still soft, he took all the ducks and
buried them."  "What do you mean, buried them?"  "Oh, he didn't hurt them.
He dug little holes all over the yard and picked up the ducks in his mouth
and put them in the holes.  Then he covered them up with mud except for
their heads.  He did thirteen ducks that way and was digging a hole for
another one when Tony found him.  We talked about it for a long time.  Papa
said Don Carlos was afraid the ducks might run away, and since he didn't
know how to build a cage he put them in holes.  He's a smart dog."
		-- R. Bradford, "Red Sky At Morning"


You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.


XXVI:
	If a sufficient number of management layers are superimposed on each
	other, it can be assured that disaster is not left to chance.
XXVII:
	Rank does not intimidate hardware.  Neither does the lack of rank.
XXVIII:
	It is better to be the reorganizer than the reorganizee.
XXIX:
	Executives who do not produce successful results hold on to their
	jobs only about five years.  Those who produce effective results
	hang on about half a decade.
XXX:
	By the time the people asking the questions are ready for the answers,
	the people doing the work have lost track of the questions.
		-- Norman Augustine


Why do so many foods come packaged in plastic?
It's quite uncanny.


If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far.
		-- Paul White


But has any little atom,
	While a-sittin' and a-splittin',
Ever stopped to think or CARE
	That E = m c**2 ?


In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he
thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent
teacher should know.  "I would not leave the definition of math," Dr. Honig
said, "up to the mathematicians."
		-- The New York Times, October 22, 1985


As part of an ongoing effort to keep you, the Fortune reader, abreast of
the valuable information the daily crosses the USENET, Fortune presents:

News articles that answer *your* questions, #1:

	Newsgroups: comp.sources.d
	Subject: how do I run C code received from sources
	Keywords: C sources
	Distribution: na

	I do not know how to run the C programs that are posted in the
	sources newsgroup.  I save the files, edit them to remove the
	headers, and change the mode so that they are executable, but I
	cannot get them to run.  (I have never written a C program before.)

	Must they be compiled?  With what compiler?  How do I do this?  If
	I compile them, is an object code file generated or must I generate
	it explicitly with the > character?  Is there something else that
	must be done?


Hi!  I'm Larry.  This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother
Jimbo.  We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.


Remember Darwin; building a better
mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.


The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all
progress depends on the unreasonable man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


	"Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?"
	"Piece of cake, Master?  Radial slice of baked confection ...
coefficient of relevance to Key of Time: zero."
		-- "Doctor Who"


David was just a shepherd who liked to get his rocks off in leather.


One way to stop a run away horse is to bet on him.


The three sexual positions during pregnancy.

During the first four months:	Missionary style
During the second four months:	Doggie style
And during the last month:	Coyote style

Coyote style?
	You sit by the hole and howl.


"We're not talking about the same thing," he said. "For you the world is
weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it. For me
the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious,
unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept
responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous
desert, in this marvelous time.  I wanted to convince you that you must
learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a
short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it."
		-- Don Juan


She blinded me with science!


A [golf] ball sliced or hooked into the rough shall be lifted and placed in
the fairway at a point equal to the distance it carried or rolled into the
rough.  Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between
the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be
penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such
uncontrollable physical phenomena.
		-- Donald A. Metz


In Ohio, if you ignore an orator on Decoration day to such an extent as
to publicly play croquet or pitch horseshoes within one mile of the
speaker's stand, you can be fined $25.00.


In case of atomic attack, all work rules will be temporarily suspended.


Blessed are the meek for they shall inhibit the earth.


Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards,
for they become soggy and hard to light.

Do not throw cigarette butts in the urinal,
for they are subtle and quick to anger.


Oh, I'm looking over, my dead dog Rover,
That got run over with my mower.
One leg is missing, and one other is gone,
The fourth one is scattered all over the lawn.
It's no use explain'n, the one remaining,
It landed by the kitchen door.
Oh, I'm looking over, my dead dog rover,
that ain't gonna walk no more...
		-- Tune is something about a four-leaf clover


The British are coming!  The British are coming!


Why is it that there are so many more horses' asses than there are
horses?
		-- G. Gordon Liddy


Money may not buy happiness, but it sure
puts you in a great bargaining position.


Those who make peaceful revolution impossible
will make violent revolution inevitable.
		-- John F. Kennedy


Be security conscious -- National Defense is at stake.


People often find it easier to be a
result of the past than a cause of the future.


Don't be humble, you're not that great.
		-- Golda Meir


A pound of salt will not sweeten a single cup of tea.


QOTD:
	"Unlucky?  If I bought a pumpkin farm, they'd cancel Halloween."


If all else fails, lower your standards.


Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #3

	Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.


Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
		-- Don Vonada


With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules,
and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there
is no such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm


... TheysaidDoyouseethebiggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehill?andIsaidYesIsee
thebiggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehillTheresabigdarkforestbetweenmeandthe
biggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehillandalittleoldladyridingonaHoovervacuum
cleanersayingIllgetyoumyprettyandyourlittledogTototoo ...

	I don't even *HAVE* a dog Toto...


Millihelen, adj.:
	The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.


He who fears the unknown may one day flee from his own backside.
		-- Sinbad


"What is the Nature of God?"

    CLICK...CLICK...WHIRRR...CLICK...=BEEP!=
    1 QT. SOUR CREAM
    1 TSP. SAUERKRAUT
    1/2 CUT CHIVES.
    STIR AND SPRINKLE WITH BACON BITS.

"I've just GOT to start labeling my software..."
		-- Bloom County


"In the age of the internet attaching a famous name to your personal
opinion to give more weight to it is a very valid strategy."
		-- Benjamin Franklin


The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute
for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is
a substitute for intelligence.
		-- Lyman Bryson


Confusion will be my epitaph
as I walk a cracked and broken path
If we make it we can all sit back and laugh
but I fear that tomorrow we'll be crying.
		-- King Crimson, "In the Court of the Crimson King"


	A boy scout troop went on a hike.  Crossing over a stream, one of
the boys dropped his wallet into the water.  Suddenly a carp jumped, grabbed
the wallet and tossed it to another carp.  Then that carp passed it to
another carp, and all over the river carp appeared and tossed the wallet back
and forth.
	"Well, boys," said the Scout leader, "you've just seen a rare case
of carp-to-carp walleting."


People respond to people who respond.


When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him
keep her.
		-- Sacha Guitry


A sweet young schoolteacher who had always been virtuous was invited to go
for a ride in the country with the gym instructor, whom she admired.  Under
a tree on the bank of a quiet lake, she struggled with her conscience and
with the gym instructor and finally gave in to the latter.  Sobbing
uncontrollably she asked her seducer,
	"How can I ever face my students again, knowing I have sinned twice?"
	"Twice?" asked the young man, confused.
	"Why, yes," said the sweet teacher, wiping a tear from her eye.
"You're going to do it again, aren't you?"


The plural of spouse is spice.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Montana:
	Where men are men and women are sheep.


Fortune finishes the great quotations, #12

	Those who can, do.  Those who can't, write the instructions.


Although written many years ago, Lady Chatterley's Lover has just been
reissued by the Grove Press, and this pictorial account of the day-to-day
life of an English gamekeeper is full of considerable interest to outdoor
minded readers, as it contains many passages on pheasant-raising, the
apprehending of poachers, ways to control vermin, and other chores and duties
of the professional gamekeeper.  Unfortunately, one is obliged to wade
through many pages of extraneous material in order to discover and savour
those sidelights on the management of a midland shooting estate, and in this
reviewer's opinion the book cannot take the place of J. R. Miller's "Practical
Gamekeeping."
		-- Ed Zern, "Field and Stream" (Nov. 1959)


Drink Canada Dry!  You might not succeed, but it *_i_s* fun trying.


Q:	Why are babies born with soft spots on their heads?
A:	So you can pick 'em up five at a time.


The husband who doesn't tell his wife everything probably reasons
that what she doesn't know won't hurt him.
		-- Leo J. Burke


An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the
number of pens that person is carrying.


In Ohio, if you ignore an orator on Decoration day to such an extent as
to publicly play croquet or pitch horseshoes within one mile of the
speaker's stand, you can be fined $25.00.


Tax reform means "Don't tax you, don't
tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree."
		-- Russell Long


TAURUS (Apr.20 - May 20)
	Take advantage of this opportunity to get a little extra sleep,
	because you're going to miss the bus again today anyway.  You will
	decide to lose weight today, just like yesterday.


Rascal, am I?  Take THAT!
		-- Errol Flynn


You climb to reach the summit, but once
there, discover that all roads lead down.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "The Cyberiad"


A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office.  "Was it true," the woman
inquired, "that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest
of her life?"
	She was told that it was.  There was just a moment of silence before
the woman proceeded bravely on.  "Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my
condition is.  This prescription is marked `NO REFILLS'".


All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.


...before I could come to any conclusion it occurred to me that my speech
or my silence, indeed any action of mine, would be a mere futility.  What
did it matter what anyone knew or ignored?  What did it matter who was
manager?  One gets sometimes such a flash of insight. The essentials of
this affair lay deep under the surface, beyond my reach, and beyond my
power of meddling.
		-- Joseph Conrad


I know the disposition of women: when you will, they won't; when
you won't, they set their hearts upon you of their own inclination.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


In an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly.


If you laid all the Elvis impersonators in the world, end to end...
you'd wanna run and get a steam roller, real fast.
		-- David Letterman


Raffiniert ist der Herrgott aber boshaft ist er nicht.
		-- Albert Einstein


