CChheecckk  yyoouurr  dduupplleexx  sswwiittcchh..


The King named Oedipus Rex
Who started this fuss about sex
	Put the world to great pains
	By the spots and the stains
Which he made on his mother's pubex.


The only real argument for marriage is that it remains the best method
for getting acquainted.
		-- Heywood Broun


PL/I -- "the fatal disease" -- belongs more to the problem set than to the
solution set.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


You are not permitted to kill a woman who has wronged you, but nothing
forbids you to reflect that she is growing older every minute.  You are
avenged fourteen hundred and forty times a day.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


DIVE!!!  DIVE!!!  DIVE!!!
UP PERISCOPE!!!

(Ooops, sorry, wrong fantasy.)


Any sufficiently simple directive can be obfuscated beyond reason
given proper legal counsel.
		-- Alfred Perlstein


MEETINGS:
	A place where minutes are kept and hours are lost.


There is never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.


Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be
yours too."
		-- Dave Haynie


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


Housework can kill you if done right.
		-- Erma Bombeck


We found on St. Paul's only two kinds of birds -- the booby and the noddy...
Both are of a tame and stupid disposition, and are so unaccustomed to
visitors, that I could have killed any number of them with my geological
hammer.
		-- Charles Darwin


There's nothing better than good sex.  But bad sex?  A peanut butter
and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex.
		-- Billy Joel


The worst is enemy of the bad.


Some men are so macho they'll get you pregnant just to kill a rabbit.
		-- Maureen Murphy


Q:	How do you know when it's time to wash the dishes?
A:	Look inside your pants; if you have a penis, it's not time.


Law enforcement officers should use only the minimum
force necessary in dealing with disorders when they arise.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Missionary Position:
	The missionary on top.


A woman of generous character will sacrifice her life a thousand times
over for her lover, but will break with him for ever over a question of
pride -- for the opening or the shutting of a door.
		-- Stendhal


If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.


Whatever became of Strange de Jim?  Well, he found a substitute for
cocaine: "You cover Q-tips with sandpaper and ram them up your
nostrils as far as they will go.  Then you sniff talcum powder while
shredding hundred dollar bills."
		-- Herb Caen


Egotism, n.:
	Doing the New York Times crossword puzzle with a pen.


There's a couple of million dollars worth of baseball talent on the loose,
ready for the big leagues, yet unsigned by any major league.  There are
pitchers who would win 20 games a season ... and outfielders [who] could
hit .350, infielders who could win recognition as stars, and there's at
least one catcher who at this writing is probably superior to Bill Dickey,
Josh Gibson.  Only one thing is keeping them out of the big leagues, the
pigmentation of their skin.  They happen to be colored.
		-- Shirley Povich, 1941


I'm not sure I've even got the brains to be President.
		-- Barry Goldwater, in 1964


There's nothing in the middle of the road but yellow stripes and dead
armadillos.
		-- Jim Hightower, Texas Agricultural Commissioner


As me an' me marrer was readin' a tyape,
The tyape gave a shriek mark an' tried tae escyape;
It skipped ower the gyate tae the end of the field,
An' jigged oot the room wi' a spool an' a reel!
Follow the leader, Johnny me laddie,
Follow it through, me canny lad O;
Follow the transport, Johnny me laddie,
Away, lad, lie away, canny lad O!
		-- S. Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"


Overheard:
	"How do I feel?  Great!  And I kiss pretty good, too!"


QOTD:
	"All I want is more than my fair share."


A friend of mine received a note through the mail advising him,
	"If you don't stop making love to my wife, I'll kill you."
The trouble is, the note wasn't signed.


I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these
Calculating Engines.  I have also declined several offers of great personal
advantage to myself.  But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages
for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and
after expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government
of England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only
commenced, I have received neither an acknowledgment of my labors, nor even
the offer of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the
reach of men who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations...
	If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were
a mere triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the
execution of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some
justification might be found for the course which has been taken; but I
venture to assert that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will
ever publicly express an opinion that such a machine would be useless if
made, and that no man distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to
declare the construction of such machinery impracticable...
	And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed
by that exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its
advancement, which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I
think the application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abstruse
calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not
be economized by the aid of machinery.
		-- Charles Babbage, "The Life of a Philosopher"


I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder
have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products.
This technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's
reign.  My carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat.  Better go
buy some more.
		-- timw@zeb.USWest.COM


He who knows, does not speak.  He who speaks, does not know.
		-- Lao Tsu


Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


TRUST ME:
	Get me, give me, buy me, do me.


Acceptance without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western
religion, Rejection without proof is the fundamental characteristic of
Western science.
		-- Gary Zukav, "The Dancing Wu Li Masters"


User, n.:
	The word computer professionals use when they mean "idiot."
		-- Dave Barry, "Claw Your Way to the Top"

[I always thought "computer professional" was the phrase hackers used
 when they meant "idiot."  Ed.]


	One day it was announced that the young monk Kyogen had reached
an enlightened state.  Much impressed by this news, several of his peers
went to speak with him.
	"We have heard that you are enlightened.  Is this true?" his fellow
students inquired.
	"It is", Kyogen answered.
	"Tell us", said a friend, "how do you feel?"
	"As miserable as ever", replied the enlightened Kyogen.


Incest, n.:
	Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.


If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.


A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance from Sam.


You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.


The only thing that experience teaches us is that experience teaches
us nothing.
		-- Andre Maurois (Emile Herzog)


	THEORY
Into love and out again,
	Thus I went and thus I go.
Spare your voice, and hold your pen:
	Well and bitterly I know
All the songs were ever sung,
	All the words were ever said;
Could it be, when I was young,
	Someone dropped me on my head?
		-- Dorothy Parker


In Hollywood, all marriages are happy.  It's trying to live together
afterwards that causes the problems.
		-- Shelley Winters


Q:	Why did God invent booze?
A:	So ugly men could get laid too.


It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain
what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
		-- Roger Noe


PAIN:
	Falling out of a twenty story building,
	and snagging your eyelid on a nail.


You will lose an important tape file.


When neither their poverty nor their honor is
touched, the majority of men live content.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli


... computer hardware progress is so fast.  No other technology since
civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price
gain in 30 years.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.


                              THE
                             NORMAL
                          LAW OF ERROR
                        STANDS OUT IN THE
                      EXPERIENCE OF MANKIND
                     AS ONE  OF THE BROADEST
                    GENERALIZATIONS OF NATURAL
                  PHILOSOPHY * IT SERVES AS THE
                GUIDING INSTRUMENT IN RESEARCHES
             IN THE PHYSICAL AND SOCIAL SCIENCES AND
            IN MEDICINE, AGRICULTURE AND ENGINEERING *
       IT IS AN INDISPENSABLE TOOL FOR THE ANALYSIS AND THE
INTERPRETATION OF THE BASIC DATA OBTAINED BY OBSERVATION AND EXPERIMENT

                -- W. J. Youden


Reporter:   "What would you do if you found a million dollars?"
Yogi Berra: "If the guy was poor, I would give it back."


Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you
get a prompt, type like hell.


The best number for a dinner party is two -- myself and a damn good
head waiter.
		-- Nubar Gulbenkian


Oden the bardling averred
His muse was the bum of a bird,
	And his Lesbian wife
	Would finger his fife
While Fisherwood waited as third.


	A guy returns from a long trip to Europe, having left his beloved
dog in his brother's care.  The minute he's cleared customs, he calls up his
brother and inquires after his pet.
	"Your dog's dead," replies his brother bluntly.
	The guy is devastated.  "You know how much that dog meant to me,"
he moaned into the phone.  "Couldn't you at least have thought of a nicer way
of breaking the news?  Couldn't you have said, `Well, you know, the dog got
outside one day, and was crossing the street, and a car was speeding around a
corner...' or something...?  Why are you always so thoughtless?"
	"Look, I'm sorry," said his brother, "I guess I just didn't think."
	"Okay, okay, let's just put it behind us.  How are you anyway?
How's Mom?"
	His brother is silent a moment.  "Uh," he stammers, "uh... Mom got
outside one day..."


It is recounted that at King's College in the Strand around the time of the
war, the Chief of Services would inevitably begin the year's rounds by
teaching "a singularly important principle of medicine."  He asked a nurse
to fetch him a sample of urine.  He then talked at length about Diabetes
mellitus. "Diabetes," he said, "is a greek name; but the Romans noticed that
the bees like the urine of diabetics, so they added the word mellitus which
means sweet as honey.  Well, as you know, you may find sugar in the urine
of a diabetic ..."
	By now the nurse had returned with a sample of urine which the
registrar promptly held up like a trophy.  We stared at that straw-colored
fluid as if we had never seen such a thing before.  The registrar then
startled us.  He dipped a finger boldly into the urine, then licked his
finger with the tip of his tongue.  As if tasting wine, he opened and closed
his lips rapidly.  Could he perhaps detect a faint taste of sugar?  The sample
was passed on to us for an opinion.  We all dipped a finger into the fluid,
all of us foolishly licked that finger.
	"Now," said the Registrar grinning, "You have learnt the first
principle of diagnosis.  I mean the power of observation."  We were baffled.
We stood near the sluice room outside the ward, and in the distance, some
anonymous patient was explosively coughing. "You see," the registrar said
continuing triumphantly, "I dipped my MIDDLE finger into the urine, but
licked my INDEX finger -- not like all you chaps.


I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
		-- John Foreman


Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans;
it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
		-- Horace


Antonio Antonio
Was tired of living alonio
He thought he would woo			Antonio Antonio
Miss Lucamy Lu,				Rode off on his polo ponio
Miss Lucamy Lucy Molonio.		And found the maid
					In a bowery shade,
					Sitting and knitting alonio.
Antonio Antonio
Said if you will be my ownio
I'll love you true			Oh nonio Antonio
And buy for you				You're far too bleak and bonio
An icery creamry conio.			And all that I wish
					You singular fish
					Is that you will quickly begonio.
Antonio Antonio
Uttered a dismal moanio
And went off and hid
Or I'm told that he did
In the Antarctical Zonio.


The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain


Any problem in computer science can be solved with another layer
of indirection.
		-- David Wheeler


Modem, adj.:
	Up-to-date, new-fangled, as in "Thoroughly Modem Millie."  An
	unfortunate byproduct of kerning.


QOTD:
	"I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance."


Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim


In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.


If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy


My geometry teacher was sometimes acute, and sometimes obtuse,
but always, always, he was right.


However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity
in my traditional manner... sulking and nausea.
		-- Tom K. Ryan


Delay not, Caesar.  Read it instantly.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar" 3,1

Here is a letter, read it at your leisure.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice" 5,1

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to I/O system services.]


Robot, n.:
	Someone who's been made by a scientist.


In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Q:	How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	None:  The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.


QED.


Love is eating her even when she's not having her period.


A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.


Some people have a way about them that seems to say: "If I have
only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk."


	A German, a Pole and a Czech left camp for a hike through the woods.
After being reported missing a day or two later, rangers found two bears,
one a male, one a female, looking suspiciously overstuffed.  They killed
the female, autopsied her, and sure enough, found the German and the Pole.
	"What do you think?" said the first ranger.
	"The Czech is in the male," replied the second.


Howard Cosell's biggest protrusion is his asshole.
		-- John Valby


I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie


The advantage of being celibate is that when one sees a pretty girl one
does not need to grieve over having an ugly one back home.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Propos dun jour"


Manual, n.:
	A unit of documentation.  There are always three or more on a given
	item.  One is on the shelf; someone has the others.  The information
	you need is in the others.
		-- Ray Simard


No small art is it to sleep: it is necessary
for that purpose to keep awake all day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.


	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.


The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
		-- Anaxagoras


QOTD:
	"I treat her like a thoroughbred, and she's STILL a nag!"


Gossip, n.:
	Hearing something you like about someone you don't.
		-- Earl Wilson


See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist.  I mean, kind of ... in a way ...


A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901


One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at
the stake while the votes were being counted.
		-- Thomas B. Reed


What I've done, of course, is total garbage.
		-- R. Willard, Pure Math 430a


Who made the world I cannot tell;
'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed,
I never soiled with such a deed.
		-- A. E. Housman


There is not opinion so absurd that some philosopher will not express it.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero, "Ad familiares"


And then there was the lawyer that stepped in cow manure and thought
he was melting...


Cocaine isn't habit forming.  I should know -- I've been using it for years.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur.

(Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.)


They told me you had proven it		When they discovered our results
About a month before.			Their hair began to curl
The proof was valid, more or less	Instead of understanding it
But rather less than more.		We'd run the thing through PRL.

He sent them word that we would try	Don't tell a soul about all this
To pass where they had failed		For it must ever be
And after we were done, to them		A secret, kept from all the rest
The new proof would be mailed.		Between yourself and me.

My notion was to start again
Ignoring all they'd done
We quickly turned it into code
To see if it would run.


You can take all the impact that science considerations have on funding
decisions at NASA, put them in the navel of a flea, and have room left
over for a caraway seed and Tony Calio's heart.
		-- F. Allen


Having a baby isn't so bad.  If you're a female Emperor penguin
in the Antarctic.  She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father,
then takes off for warmer weather where she eats and eats and
eats.  For two months, the father stands stiff, without food,
blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing the egg on his feet.  After
the little penguin is hatched, the mother sees fit to come home.
		-- L. M. Boyd, "Austin American-Statesman"


Four be the things I am wiser to know:
	Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.

Four be the things I'd been better without:
	Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.

Three be the things I shall never attain:
	Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.

Three be the things I shall have till I die:
	Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Inventory"


Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of
paper until drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler


The difference between women and girls
is as much as twenty years in some states.


The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.


Have you ever stopped to think what it would be like to have a woman
President?  "I can't deal with the Russians today.  Not now.  I've got
my period."
		-- Steven Moore


I'm very good at integral and differential calculus,
I know the scientific names of beings animalculous;
In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral,
I am the very model of a modern Major-General.
		-- Gilbert & Sullivan, "The Pirates of Penzance"


Anything cut to length will be too short.


Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.


T-shirt:
	Life is *not* a Cabaret, and stop calling me chum!


Two gentlemen met at the club after a long absence and talked.
	"Did you hear about Chumley?", one asked.
	"No, old man, what about him?"
	"Last seen in Africa, you know."
	"No, I didn't."
	"Yes.  Appalling.  Ran off with a gorilla.  Fallen in love."
	"Queer."
	"Not Chumley.  Female gorilla."


There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?


Hear about...
	the pessimistic historian whose latest book has chapter headings
	that read "World War One","World War Two" and "Watch This
	Space"?


It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
		-- Tom Lehrer


All is fear in love and war.


			It's grad exam time...
COMPUTER SCIENCE
	Inside your desk you'll find a listing of the DEC/VMS operating
system in IBM 1710 machine code. Show what changes are necessary to convert
this code into a UNIX Berkeley 7 operating system.  Prove that these fixes are
bug free and run correctly. You should gain at least 150% efficiency in the
new system.  (You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.)

MATHEMATICS
	If X equals PI times R^2, construct a formula showing how long
it would take a fire ant to drill a hole through a dill pickle, if the
length-girth ratio of the ant to the pickle were 98.17:1.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
Describe the Universe.  Give three examples.


Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.
It's already tomorrow in Australia.
		-- Charles Schultz


Coach: Can I draw you a beer, Norm?
Norm:  No, I know what they look like.  Just pour me one.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How about a beer, Norm?
Norm:  Hey I'm high on life, Coach.  Of course, beer is my life.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How's a beer sound, Norm?
Norm:  I dunno.  I usually finish them before they get a word in.
		-- Cheers, Fortune and Men's Weights


Worst Month of the Year:
	February.  February has only 28 days in it, which means that if
	you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you
	don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


The future is a race between education and catastrophe.
		-- H. G. Wells


Quality Control, n.:
	The process of testing one out of every 1,000 units coming off
a production line to make sure that at least one out of 100 works.


	Never ask your lover if he'd dive in front of an oncoming train for
you.  He doesn't know.  Never ask your lover if she'd dive in front of an
oncoming band of Hell's Angels for you.  She doesn't know.  Never ask how many
cigarettes your lover has smoked today.  Cancer is a personal commitment.
	Never ask to see pictures of your lover's former lovers -- especially
the ones who dived in front of trains.  If you look like one of them, you are
repeating history's mistakes.  If you don't, you'll wonder what he or she saw
in the others.
	While we are on the subject of pictures: You may admire the picture
of your lover cavorting naked in a tidal pool on Maui.  Don't ask who took
it.  The answer is obvious.  A Japanese tourist took the picture.
	Never ask if your lover has had therapy.  Only people who have had
therapy ask if people have had therapy.
	Don't ask about plaster casts of male sex organs marked JIMI, JIM, etc.
Assume that she bought them at a flea  market.
		-- James Peterson and Kate Nolan


Conserve energy -- make love more slowly.


Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
		-- Paul Gauguin


If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.
		-- Voltaire, "Epitres, XCVI"


If Helen Keller is alone in a forest and falls, does she make a sound?


You are standing on my toes.


Recent investments will yield a slight profit.


Jenkinson's Law:
	It won't work.


Let no guilty man escape.
		-- U. S. Grant


