At times discretion should be thrown aside,
and with the foolish we should play the fool.
		-- Menander


Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
thin paper.


Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the
repairman arrives.


What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
		-- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"


I do not take drugs -- I am drugs.
		-- Salvador Dali


Say it with flowers,
Or say it with mink,
But whatever you do,
Don't say it with ink!
		-- Jimmie Durante


Fuck art; let's dance!


If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some
memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it,
even if they don't know what it means.
		-- Walt Kelly, "The Pogo Party"


Harry is heavily into camping, and every year in the late fall, he
makes us all go to Assateague, which is an island on the Atlantic Ocean
famous for its wild horses.  I realize that the concept of wild horses
probably stirs romantic notions in many of you, but this is because you
have never met any wild horses in person.  In person, they are like
enormous hooved rats.  They amble up to your camp site, and their
attitude is: "We're wild horses.  We're going to eat your food, knock
down your tent and poop on your shoes.  We're protected by federal law,
just like Richard Nixon."
		-- Dave Barry, "Tenting Grandpa Bob"


Confucius say:
	man who lay girl on hill, not on level.
	man who pull out too fast leave rubber.
	man who go to bed with sex problem wake up with solution in hand.
	modern house without toilet uncanny.
	man with athletic finger make broad jump
	woman should not marry basketball players -- they dribble before
		they shoot.
	man who sleep in road wake up with run-down feeling.
	woman who goes to man's apartment for snack, may get tit bit.
	child conceived in back seat of car with automatic transmission
		turn out to be shiftless bastard.
	a smart man knows on which side his broad is better.
	man who arrives late to party will find himself beaten to the punch!


Don't look back, the lemmings might be gaining on you.


What does it take for Americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to
win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent?
In independent thought about this question, Neil Armstrong and I concluded
that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in Neil's view, the
simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of American life.  First, a
base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done.  Second,
a period of national uneasiness about America's place in the scheme of human
activities must exist.  Third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses
the national attention upon the direction to proceed.  Finally, an articulate
and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with
words and action the great thing to be accomplished.  The motivation of young
Americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of
conditions. ...  The Thomas Jeffersons, The Teddy Roosevelts, The John
Kennedys appear.  We must begin to create the tools of leadership which they,
and their young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward.
		-- Dr. Harrison H. Schmidt


You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.


Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.


Ignorance is never out of style.  It was in fashion yesterday, it is the
rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
		-- Franklin K. Dane


The real man's Bloody Mary:
	Ingredients: vodka, tomato juice, Tabasco, Worcestershire
	sauce, A-1 steak sauce, ice, salt, pepper, celery.

	Fill a large tumbler with vodka.
	Throw all the other ingredients away.


The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds
is of course a shameful canard.  The key age has traditionally been
more like fourteen.
		-- Robert Christgau, "Esquire"


Demographic polls show that you have lost credibility across the
board.  Especially with those 14 year-old Valley girls.


	In the beginning there was data.  The data was without form and
null, and darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of
IBM was moving over the face of the market.  And DEC said, "Let there
be registers"; and there were registers.  And DEC saw that they
carried; and DEC separated the data from the instructions.  DEC called
the data Stack, and the instructions they called Code.  And there was
evening and there was morning, one interrupt.
		-- Rico Tudor, "The Story of Creation or, The Myth of Urk"


Do you suffer painful elimination?
		-- Donald E. Knuth, "Structured Programming with Gotos"

Do you suffer painful recrimination?
		-- Nancy Boxer, "Structured Programming with Come-froms"

Do you suffer painful illumination?
		-- Isaac Newton, "Optics"

Do you suffer painful hallucination?
		-- Don Juan, cited by Carlos Casteneda


You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.


Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
		-- Bob Dylan


The eternal feminine draws us upward.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


How much for your women?  I want to buy your
daughter... how much for the little girl?
		-- Jake Blues, "The Blues Brothers"


The worst is not so long as we can say "This is the worst."
		-- King Lear


X windows:
	Something you can be ashamed of.
	30%% more entropy than the leading window system.
	The first fully modular software disaster.
	Rome was destroyed in a day.
	Warn your friends about it.
	Climbing to new depths.  Sinking to new heights.
	An accident that couldn't wait to happen.
	Don't wait for the movie.
	Never use it after a big meal.
	Need we say less?
	Plumbing the depths of human incompetence.
	It'll make your day.
	Don't get frustrated without it.
	Power tools for power losers.
	A software disaster of Biblical proportions.
	Never had it.  Never will.
	The software with no visible means of support.
	More than just a generation behind.

Hindenburg.  Titanic.  Edsel.
	X windows.


For children with short attention spans: boomerangs that don't come back.


Ass, grass or gas... nobody rides for free!


Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
		-- Randy Goebel


If I 'cp /bin/csh /dev/audio' shouldn't I hear the ocean?
		-- Danno Coppock


Vermouth always makes me brilliant unless it makes me idiotic.
		-- E. F. Benson


...all the modern inconveniences...
		-- Mark Twain


Perhaps the biggest disappointments were the ones you expected anyway.


All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately un-rehearsed.
		-- Sean O'Casey


Apathy Club meeting this Friday.
If you want to come, you're not invited.


Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.


Try not to have a good time ...
This is supposed to be educational.
		-- Charles Schulz


Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF


Two friends were out drinking when suddenly one lurched backward off his
barstool and lay motionless on the floor.
	"One thing about Jim," the other said to the bartender, "he sure
knows when to stop."


Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.


The price of greatness is responsibility.


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82


America may be unique in being a country which has leapt
from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization.
		-- John O'Hara


To any truly impartial person, it would
be obvious that I am always right.


Menu, n.:
	A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.


She applies her lipstick in spite of its contents: "greasy rouge,
containing crushed and dried insect corpses for coloring, beeswax
for stiffness, and olive oil to help it flow - the latter having
the unfortunate tendency to go rancid several hours after use.

In 1924 the New York Board of Health considered banning lipstick,
not because it was hazardous to the wearers but because of "the
worry that it might poison the men who kissed the women who wore it."
		-- David Bodanis, "The Secret House"


Bierman's Laws of Contracts:
	(1) In any given document, you can't cover all the "what if's".
	(2) Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved "what if's".
	(3) Every resolved "what if" creates two unresolved "what if's".


We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Hear about...
	the fellow who, upon being told by his shrewish wife that she
	would dance on his grave, promptly provided for a burial at sea?


Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.


The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex
facts.  Seek simplicity and distrust it.
		-- Whitehead


Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?


Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.


You are magnetic in your bearing.


Force it!!!
If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway...
No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.


I know what "custody" [of the children] means.  "Get even."  That's all
custody means.  Get even with your old lady.
		-- Lenny Bruce


I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd
listen to it!
		-- Tom Galloway with apologies to Voltaire


I was at this restaurant.  The sign said "Breakfast Anytime."  So I
ordered French Toast in the Renaissance.
		-- Steven Wright


Welcome to Fortune Blackmail!!
	Ms. Kat****** Bl****an is the mistress of a well-known
	banker in Houston, Texas.  That's $5000, please, to stop
	us from revealing both of your names, Mr. L*****, so that
	your wife Doreen, and your lovely children Diane, Janice
	and Tom need never know the name of your mistress.  You
	have two days to reach us at:

		Fortune Blackmail
		Behind the hot water pipes,
		Third stall from the end,
		Greyhound Bus Terminal, Fayette MO.


Probably the question asked most often is: Do one-celled animals have
orgasms?  The answer is yes, they have orgasms almost constantly, which
is why they don't mind living in pools of warm slime.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Let the programmer be many and the managers few -- then all will
	be productive."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy,
But it's very funny --
did you ever try buying them without money?
		-- Ogden Nash


They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!


Naked children are so perfectly pure and lovely.  I confess I do not admire
naked boys.  They always seem to me to need clothes -- whereas one hardly
sees why the lovely forms of girls should ever be covered up.
		-- Lewis Carroll


Q:	Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
A:	Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.  If they drink
	it at home, they only take one, and if they drink it while
	visiting, they always take three.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #19:

Q:  Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
A:  All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.


Mary had a little sheep,
And with the sheep she went to sleep,
The sheep turned out to be a ram,
And Mary had a little lamb.


They can't stop us... we're on a mission from God!
		-- The Blues Brothers


Being stoned on marijuana isn't very different from being stoned on
gin.
		-- Ralph Nader


There is no doubt that my lawyer is honest.  For example, when he
filed his income tax return last year, he declared half of his salary
as "unearned income."
		-- Michael Lara


Ferguson's Precept:
	A crisis is when you can't say "let's forget the whole thing."


They told me you had proven it		When they discovered our results
About a month before.			Their hair began to curl
The proof was valid, more or less	Instead of understanding it
But rather less than more.		We'd run the thing through PRL.

He sent them word that we would try	Don't tell a soul about all this
To pass where they had failed		For it must ever be
And after we were done, to them		A secret, kept from all the rest
The new proof would be mailed.		Between yourself and me.

My notion was to start again
Ignoring all they'd done
We quickly turned it into code
To see if it would run.


The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.


Women -- can't live with 'em, can't leave 'em by the curb when you're done.


I never saw a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But I can tell you anyhow
I'd rather see than be one.
		-- Gellett Burgess

I've never seen a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But from the milk we're getting now
There certainly must be one
		-- Ogden Nash

Ah, yes, I wrote "The Purple Cow"
I'm sorry now I wrote it
But I can tell you anyhow
I'll kill you if you quote it.
		-- Gellett Burgess, many years later


Ogden's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.


You come out of a woman and you spend the rest of your life trying to
get back inside.
		-- Heathcote Williams


Dozens of bears are found dead in Alaska and Canada every summer, killed
by blood lost to the voracious mosquito.  The estimated life-expectancy
of a naked man on the tundra in summer is about 15 minutes.  In that
time, approximately 250,000 mosquitoes would have drawn enough blood to
kill him.
		-- Gus McLeavy, "Day-by-Day Trivia Almanac"


When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life.
		-- Samuel Johnson


QOTD:
	"If I'm what I eat, I'm a chocolate chip cookie."


The universe does not have laws -- it has habits, and habits can be
broken.


1.  If it doesn't smell like chili, it probably isn't.
2.  If you catch an exploding manhole cover, you can keep it.
3.  Cabs driving on the sidewalk are not permitted to pick up passengers.
4.  It's bad manners to lie down inside someone else's chalk body outline.
5.  Don't lick food from a stranger's beard.
6.  Avoid paperwork for your next of kin by keeping dental records on you.
7.  Jon Gotti Always has the right of way.
8.  Yelling at cab drivers in English wastes your time and theirs.
9.  Remember:  Regular hot dogs do not have fingernails.
10. The city does not employ so called "Wallet Inspectors".
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten New York City Pedestrian Tips"


Modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural
function are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the
other.  There is no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the
brain now and then and make neural cells do what they would not otherwise.
Actually, of course, this is a working assumption only. ... It is quite
conceivable that someday the assumption will have to be rejected.  But it
is important also to see that we have not reached that day yet: the working
assumption is a necessary one and there is no real evidence opposed to it.
Our failure to solve a problem so far does not make it insoluble.  One cannot
logically be a determinist in physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology.
		-- D. O. Hebb, "Organization of Behavior:
		   A Neuropsychological Theory", 1949


	A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his
wife asked "What have you got there?"  Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."


Mixed emotions:
	Watching your mother-in-law back off a cliff...
	in your brand new Mercedes.


You have acquired a scroll entitled 'irk gleknow mizk'(n).--More--

This is an IBM Manual scroll.--More--

You are permanently confused.
		-- Dave Decot


There's too much beauty upon this earth for lonely men to bear.
		-- Richard Le Gallienne


Perilous to all of us are the devices of
an art deeper than we ourselves possess.
		-- Gandalf the Grey


Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
		-- Socrates


The streets were dark with something more than night.
		-- Raymond Chandler


I could never learn to like her --
except on a raft at sea with no other provisions in sight.
		-- Mark Twain


Seems a computer engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were
driving down a mountain when the brakes gave out.  They screamed down the
mountain, gaining speed, but finally managed to grind to a halt, more by
luck than anything else, just inches from a thousand foot drop to jagged
rocks.  They all got out of the car:
	The computer engineer said, "I think I can fix it."
	The systems analyst said, "No, no, I think we should take it
into town and have a specialist look at it."
	The programmer said, "OK, but first I think we should get back
in and see if it does it again."


We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.


Cropp's Law:
	The amount of work done varies inversely
	with the time spent in the office.


Some people only open up to tell you that they're closed.


Lockwood's Long Shot:
	The chances of getting eaten up by a lion on Main Street
	aren't one in a million, but once would be enough.


If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
		-- Chinese proverb


Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.


Sic transit gloria Monday!


This week only, all our fiber-fill jackets are marked down!


Two percent of zero is almost nothing.


The less time planning, the more time programming.


'Twas a woman who drove me to drink,
and I never even had the decency to thank her.
		-- R. B. Gossling


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than
each other.
		-- Ann Landers


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#32 -- Wrap it around a lonely frat man's pecker.


The older I grow, the more I distrust the
familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
		-- H. L. Mencken


Abscond, v.:
	To be unexpectedly called away to the bedside of a dying relative
	and miss the return train.


The New York Times is read by the people who run the country.  The
Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country.
The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive
and running the country ...
		-- Robert J. Woodhead


Sin boldly.
		-- Martin Luther


Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.


Pouring out his troubles to his best friend over a couple of triple martinis,
Brad had to confess that things weren't going too well at home.  "My wife and
I just don't hit it off at night," he was saying to Bart.  "I hate to admit
it, but I'm afraid I just don't know how to make her happy."
	"Hell, boy," said Bart, "there's really nothing to it.  Let me
give you some advice.  At bedtime, switch on a new Sinatra platter, turn
all the lights low and spray some perfume around the room.  Next, tell
your wife to get into her sheerest nightie; then make sure you raise the
bottom window."
	"Then what do I do?" asked Brad.
	"Just whistle."
	"Whistle?"
	"That's right.  I'll be waiting outside the window.  When I hear
you whistle, I'll come right up and finish the job."


In high school in Brooklyn
I was the baseball manager,
proud as I could be
I chased baseballs,
gathered thrown bats
handed out the towels			Eventually, I bought my own
It was very important work		but it was dark blue while
for a small spastic kid,		the official ones were green
but I was a team member			Nobody ever said anything
When the team got			to me about my blue jacket;
their warm-up jackets			the guys were my friends
I didn't get one			Yet it hurt me all year
Only the regular team			to wear that blue jacket
got these jackets, and			among all those green ones
surely not a manager			Even now, forty years after,
					I still recall that jacket
					and the memory goes on hurting.
		-- Bart Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #108

In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless
there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red
flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.


Mophobia, n.:
	Fear of being verbally abused by a Mississippian.


The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play
the violin.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Sudden Death Dating:

Quote, female:
	Am I worried about taking his last name?  Forget it,
	at this point I'll take his first name, too.


To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
		-- St. Augustine


Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.


XVI:
	In the year 2054, the entire defense budget will purchase just one
	aircraft.  This aircraft will have to be shared by the Air Force and
	Navy 3-1/2 days each per week except for leap year, when it will be
	made available to the Marines for the extra day.
XVII:
	Software is like entropy.  It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing,
	and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics, i.e., it always increases.
XVIII:
	It is very expensive to achieve high unreliability.  It is not uncommon
	to increase the cost of an item by a factor of ten for each factor of
	ten degradation accomplished.
XIX:
	Although most products will soon be too costly to purchase, there will
	be a thriving market in the sale of books on how to fix them.
XX:
	In any given year, Congress will appropriate the amount of funding
	approved the prior year plus three-fourths of whatever change the
	administration requests -- minus 4-percent tax.
		-- Norman Augustine


Little Red Riding Hood was walking through the woods on her way to visit
her grandmother when a wolf jumped out from behind a tree.
	"Aha!" the wolf said, "Now I've got you, and I'm going to eat you."
	"Eat, eat, eat," said Little Red Riding Hood angrily,
"Damn it, doesn't anybody fuck anymore?"


Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
		-- Al Capone


Liberals are the first to dump you if you con them or get into
trouble.  Conservatives are better.  They never run out on you.
		-- Joseph "Crazy Joe" Gallo


It was raining heavily, and the motorist had car trouble on a lonely country
road.  Anxious to find shelter for the night, he walked over to a farmhouse
and knocked on the front door.  No one responded.  He could feel the water
from the roof running down the back of his neck as he stood on the stoop.
The next time he knocked louder, but still no answer.  By now he was soaked
to the skin.  Desperately he pounded on the door.  At last the head of a
man appeared out of an upstairs window.
	"What do you want?" he asked gruffly.
	"My car broke down," said the traveler, "and I want to know if you
would let me stay here for the night."
	"Sure," replied the man. "If you want to stay there all night, it's
okay with me."


One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.


Ouch!  That felt good!
		-- Karen Gordon


The man who runs may fight again.
		-- Menander


The great nations have always acted like gangsters and the small nations
like prostitutes.
		-- Stanley Kubrick


Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain?
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes,
A root or two, a torus and a node:
The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


It looks like it's up to me to save our skins.
Get into that garbage chute, flyboy!
		-- Princess Leia Organa


Beware of low-flying butterflies.


Most people will listen to your unreasonable demands,
if you'll consider their unacceptable offer.


No job too big; no fee too big!
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghostbusters"


There must be more to life than having everything.
		-- Maurice Sendak


Did you hear about the new German microwave oven?
		... Seats 500.


	"Any news from the President on a successor?" he asked hopefully.
	"None," Anita replied.  "She's having great difficulty finding
someone qualified who is willing to accept the post."
	"Then I stay," said Dr. Fresh.  "I'm not good for much, but I
can at least make a decision."
	"Somewhere," he grumphed, "there must be a naive, opportunistic
young welp with a masochistic streak who would like to run the most
up-and-down bureaucracy in the history of mankind."
		-- R. L. Forward, "Flight of the Dragonfly"


The Great Movie Posters:

HOODLUMS FROM ANOTHER WORLD ON A RAY-GUN RAMPAGE!
		-- Teenagers from Outher Space (1959)

Which will be Her Mate... MAN OR BEAST?
Meet Velda -- the Kind of Woman -- Man or Gorilla would kill... to Keep.
		-- Untamed Mistress (1960)

NOW AN ALL-MIGHTY ALL-NEW MOTION PICTURE BRINGS THEM TOGETHER FOR THE
FIRST TIME...  HISTORY'S MOST GIGANTIC MONSTERS IN COMBAT ATOP MOUNT FUJI!
		-- King Kong vs. Godzilla (1963)


Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
		-- John F. Kennedy


There's so much plastic in this culture that
vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
		-- Lily Tomlin


After rushing into a drugstore, the nervous young man was obviously
embarrassed when a prim thirty-ish woman asked if she could serve him.
	"N-no," he stammered, "I'd like to see the druggist."
	"I'm the druggist", she replied cheerfully.
	"Oh.. well, uh, it's nothing important," he said, and turned to leave.
	"Young man," said the woman, "my sister and I have been running this
drugstore for nearly ten years.  There is nothing you can tell us that will
embarrass us.
	"Well, all right," he said.  "I have this awful sexual hunger that
nothing will appease.  No matter how many times I make love, I still want to
make love again and again.  Is there anything you can give me for it?"
	"Just a moment," said the woman, "I'll have to discuss this with my
sister."
	A few minutes later, she returned.  "The best we can do," she said,
"is room and board and a half-interest in the business."


One picture is worth more than ten thousand words.
		-- Chinese proverb


Did it ever occur to you that fat chance
and slim chance mean the same thing?


Goose pimples rose all over me, my hair stood on end, my eyes filled with
tears of love and gratitude for this greatest of all conquerors of human
misery and shame, and my breath came in little gasps.  If I had not known
that the Leader would have scorned such adulation, I might have fallen to
my knees in unashamed worship, but instead I drew myself to attention, raised
my arm in the eternal salute of the ancient Roman Legions and repeated the
holy words, "Heil Hitler!"
		-- George Lincoln Rockwell


Seems like this farmer purchased an old, run-down, abandoned farm with plans
to turn it into a thriving enterprise.  The fields are grown over with weeds,
the farmhouse is falling apart, and the fences are collapsing all around.
During his first day of work, the town preacher stops by to bless the man's
work, praying, "May you and God work together to make this the farm of your
dreams!"
	A few months later, the preacher stops by again to call on the farmer.
Lo and behold, it's like a completely different place -- the farm house is
completely rebuilt and in excellent condition, there is plenty of cattle and
other livestock happily munching on feed in well-fenced pens, and the fields
are filled with crops planted in neat rows.  "Amazing!" the preacher says.
"Look what God and you have accomplished together!"
	"Yes, reverend," replies the farmer, "but remember what the farm was
like when God was working it alone!"


[The French Riviera is] a sunny place for shady people.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.


	A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.


Without adventure, civilization is in full decay.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Wernher von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.


The State of California has no business subsidizing intellectual
curiosity.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Claret is the liquor for boys; port for men; but he who
aspires to be a hero... must drink brandy.
		-- Samuel Johnson


Women Unite!  Make *_h_i_m* sleep in the wet spot tonight!


The girl who stoops to conquer usually wears a low-cut dress.


I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much
more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Carelessly planned projects take three times longer to complete than expected.
Carefully planned projects take four times longer to complete than expected,
mostly because the planners expect their planning to reduce the time it
takes.


Let's remind ourselves that last year's fresh idea is today's cliche.
		-- Austen Briggs


The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.


Support your right to arm bears!!


War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
		-- Desiderius Erasmus


Faith is the quality that enables you to eat blackberry jam
on a picnic without looking to see whether the seeds move.


If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.
		-- John Sinclair


Conservative, n.:
	A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished
	from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be.
Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in
automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
		-- Art Buchwald


