I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a
letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished
words and an implicit sense of her departure.  It's so curious: one can
resist tears and "behave" very well in the hardest hours of grief.  But
then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window... or one notices
that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed... or
a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.
		-- Letters From Colette


Never trust an operating system.


Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come
around while you have your life in such a mess.


Joshu:	What is the true Way?
Nansen:	Every way is the true Way.
J:	Can I study it?
N:	The more you study, the further from the Way.
J:	If I don't study it, how can I know it?
N:	The Way does not belong to things seen: nor to things unseen.
	It does not belong to things known: nor to things unknown.  Do
	not seek it, study it, or name it.  To find yourself on it, open
	yourself as wide as the sky.


Have a taco.
		-- P. S. Beagle


Not all men who drink are poets.
Some of us drink because we aren't poets.


My weight is perfect for my height -- which varies.


In the Halls of Justice the only justice is in the halls.
		-- Lenny Bruce


MATH AND ALCOHOL DON'T MIX!
	Please, don't drink and derive.

	Mathematicians
	Against
	Drunk
	Deriving


The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
		-- Plato


As you know, birds do not have sexual organs because they would
interfere with flight.  [In fact, this was the big breakthrough for the
Wright Brothers.  They were watching birds one day, trying to figure
out how to get their crude machine to fly, when suddenly it dawned on
Wilbur.  "Orville," he said, "all we have to do is remove the sexual
organs!"  You should have seen their original design.]  As a result,
birds are very, very difficult to arouse sexually.  You almost never
see an aroused bird.  So when they want to reproduce, birds fly up and
stand on telephone lines, where they monitor telephone conversations
with their feet.  When they find a conversation in which people are
talking dirty, they grip the line very tightly until they are both
highly aroused, at which point the female gets pregnant.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"


Dirksen's Three Laws of Politics:

	1: Get elected.
	2: Get re-elected.
	3: Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Sen. Everett Dirksen


Come, landlord, fill the flowing bowl until it does run over,
Tonight we will all merry be -- tomorrow we'll get sober.
		-- John Fletcher, "The Bloody Brother", II, 2


Van Roy's Law:
	An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.


My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big satellite photo
of the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here".
		-- Steven Wright


Hear about...
	the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
	One fortunate cookie...


When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life.
		-- Samuel Johnson


A beginning is the time for taking the
most delicate care that balances are correct.
		-- Princess Irulan, "Manual of Maud'Dib"


Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics,
because the stakes are so low.
		-- Wallace Sayre


On the breast of a lady named Gail,
Was tattooed the price of her tail.
	And on her behind,
	For the sake of the blind,
Was the same information -- in Braille.


HACKER:
	A master byter.


You have been bitchy since Tuesday and you'll probably get fired today.


In Italy, for thirty years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror,
murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci
and the Renaissance.  In Switzerland, they had brotherly love, they had
five hundred years of democracy and peace -- and what did they produce?
The cuckoo-clock.
		-- Orson Welles, "The Third Man"


Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
		-- Mark Twain


Bureau Termination, Law of:
	When a government bureau is scheduled to be phased out,
	the number of employees in that bureau will double within
	12 months after the decision is made.


Sen. Danforth:  "There is nothing on the face of the album which would
		notify you if the record has pornographic material or
		material glorifying violence?"
Tipper Gore:	"No, there is nothing that would suggest that to me."
Frank Zappa:	"I would say that a buzz saw blade between the guy's legs on
		the album cover is good indication that it's not for little
		Johnny."

		-- The Senate Commerce Committee hearing on rock
		   lyrics, from The Village Voice, 6 Oct 1985


I'm going to Boston to see my doctor.  He's a very sick man.
		-- Fred Allen


[Norm comes in with an attractive woman.]

Coach:  Normie, Normie, could this be Vera?
Norm:   With a lot of expensive surgery, maybe.
		-- Cheers, Norman's Conquest

Coach:  What's up, Normie?
Norm:   The temperature under my collar, Coach.
		-- Cheers, I'll Be Seeing You (Part 2)

Coach:  What would you say to a nice beer, Normie?
Norm:   Going down?
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom


Whitehead's Law:
	The obvious answer is always overlooked.


This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
And now you know why.


Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.
		-- R. S. Barton


The only people who make love all the time are liars.
		-- Louis Jordan


	      1/3
	 /\(3)
	 |     2			  1/3
	 |    z dz cos(3 * PI / 9) = ln (e   )
	 |
	\/ 1

The integral of z squared, dz
From 1 to the cube root of 3
	Times the cosine
	Of 3 PI over nine
Is the log of the cube root of e


Whatever you do will be insignificant,
but it is very important that you do it.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


A gorgeous young sophomore is having an affair with her English
professor.  She goes home to visit her family for Christmas vacation
and when she gets back, she immediately invites him over for the
night.  As soon as he walks through the door she hugs him and
asks, "Were you blue while I was away?"
	"Blown, my dear," the professor corrects her, "blown."


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17 -- DOGO

	Developed at the Massachusetts Institute of Obedience Training, DOGO
DOGO heralds a new era of computer-literate pets.  DOGO commands include
SIT, STAY, HEEL, and ROLL OVER.  An innovative feature of DOGO is "puppy
graphics", a small cocker spaniel that occasionally leaves a deposit as
it travels across the screen.


Will your long-winded speeches never end?
What ails you that you keep on arguing?
		-- Job 16:3


	All that you touch,		And all you create,
	All that you see,		And all you destroy,
	All that you taste,		All that you do,
	All you feel,			And all you say,
	And all that you love,		All that you eat,
	And all that you hate,		And everyone you meet,
	All you distrust,		All that you slight,
	All you save,			And everyone you fight,
	And all that you give,		And all that is now,
	And all that you deal,		And all that is gone,
	All that you buy,		And all that's to come,
	Beg, borrow or steal,		And everything under the sun is
						in tune,
					But the sun is eclipsed
					By the moon.

There is no dark side of the moon... really... matter of fact it's all dark.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Dark Side of the Moon"


It happened that a fire broke out backstage in a theater.  The clown
came out to inform the public.  They thought it was just a jest and
applauded.  He repeated his warning, they shouted even louder.  So I
think the world will come to an end amid general applause from all the
wits, who believe that it is a joke.
		-- S. A. Kierkegaard (1813-1855)


Women waste men's lives and think they have
indemnified them by a few gracious words.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Christianity might be a good thing if anyone ever tried it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


We aren't what we eat.  We are what we don't shit.
		-- Hugh Romney


Some of my readers ask me what a "Serial Port" is.
The answer is: I don't know.
Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?


There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals
in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so
people who find nothing odd about it.
		-- Calvin Trillin


When the Ngdanga tribe of West Africa hold their moon love ceremonies,
the men of the tribe bang their heads on sacred trees until they get a
nose bleed, which usually cures them of _t_h_a_t.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Will your long-winded speeches never end?
What ails you that you keep on arguing?
		-- Job 16:3


Almost anything derogatory you could say
about today's software design would be accurate.
		-- K. E. Iverson


Go to a movie tonight.
Darkness becomes you.


It is indeed desirable to be well descended,
but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch


You guys have been practicing discrimination for years.
Now it's our turn.
		-- Thurgood Marshall, quoted by Justice Douglas


The City of Palo Alto, in its official description of parking lot standards,
specifies the grade of wheelchair access ramps in terms of centimeters of
rise per foot of run.  A compromise, I imagine...


The basic menu item, in fact the ONLY menu item, would be a food unit
called the "patty," consisting of -- this would be guaranteed in
writing -- "100 percent animal matter of some kind."  All patties would
be heated up and then cooled back down in electronic devices
immediately before serving.  The Breakfast Patty would be a patty on a
bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, egg, Ba-Ko-Bits, Cheez Whiz, a Special
Sauce made by pouring ketchup out of a bottle and a little slip of
paper stating: "Inspected by Number 12".  The Lunch or Dinner Patty
would be any Breakfast Patties that didn't get sold in the morning.
The Seafood Lover's Patty would be any patties that were starting to
emit a serious aroma.  Patties that were too rank even to be Seafood
Lover's Patties would be compressed into wads and sold as "Nuggets."
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"


Don't get to bragging.


LOGO for the Dead

LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from
"The Other Side."

The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you
turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.  Then, using Logo's
graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this
side of the Great Beyond to write programs.  The software requires that
your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then
interfaced to your computer.  A special terminal (very terminal) program
lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic
Bulletin Board System).

LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate
from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
		-- '80 Microcomputing


The beer-cooled computer does not harm the ozone layer.
		-- John M. Ford, a.k.a. Dr. Mike

	[If I can read my notes from the Ask Dr. Mike session at Baycon, I
	 believe he added that the beer-cooled computer uses "Forget Only
	 Memory".  Ed.]


Living in California is like living in a bowl of granola.
What ain't flakes and nuts is fruits.


Ain't that something what happened today.  One of us got traded to
Kansas City.
		-- Casey Stengel, informing outfielder Bob Cerv he'd
		   been traded


A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
		-- Ziggy


Wanna tell you all a story 'bout a man named Jed,
A poor mountaineer, barely kept his family fed.
But then one day he was shootin' at some food,
When up through the ground come a bubblin' crude -- oil, that is;
	black gold; "Texas tea" ...

Well the next thing ya know, old Jed's a millionaire.
The kinfolk said, "Jed, move away from there!"
They said, "Californy is the place ya oughta be",
So they loaded up the truck and they moved to Beverly -- Hills, that is;
	swimmin' pools; movie stars.


An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
		-- Don Marquis


To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education.
To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun.  To accuse neither
oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
		-- Epictetus


Alive without breath,
As cold as death;
Never thirsty, ever drinking,
All in mail ever clinking.


A man never minds being in the doghouse
as long as he can get his tail outside.


Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when
you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even
worse.
		-- Avery


MOMENTUM:
	What you give a person when they are going away.


Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.
I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
		-- Watchman Examiner


Did you know about the -o option of the fortune program?  It makes a
selection from a set of offensive and/or obscene fortunes.  Why not
try it, and see how offended you are?  The -a ("all") option will
select a fortune at random from either the offensive or inoffensive
set, and it is suggested that "fortune -a" is the command that you
should have in your .profile or .cshrc. file.


	In what can only be described as a surprise move, God has officially
announced His candidacy for the U.S. presidency.  During His press conference
today, the first in over 4000 years, He is quoted as saying, "I think I have
a chance for the White House if I can just get my campaign pulled together
in time.  I'd like to get this country turned around; I mean REALLY turned
around!  Let's put Florida up north for awhile, and let's get rid of all
those annoying mountains and rivers.  I never could stand them!"
	There apparently is still some controversy over the Almighty's
citizenship and other qualifications for the Presidency.  God replied to
these charges by saying, "Come on, would the United States have anyone other
than a citizen bless their country?"


Q:	What's the contour integral around Western Europe?
A:	Zero, because all the Poles are in Eastern Europe!

Addendum: Actually, there ARE some Poles in Western Europe, but they
	are removable!

Q:	An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his
	very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God?
A:	Yes, up to isomorphism!

Q:	What is a compact city?
A:	It's a city that can be guarded by finitely many near-sighted
	policemen!
		-- Peter Lax


A friend of mine won't get a divorce, because he hates
lawyers more than he hates his wife.


Sturgeon's Law:
	90% of everything is crud.


For a good time, call (510) 642-9483


Hoffer's Discovery:
	The grand act of a dying institution is to issue a newly
	revised, enlarged edition of the policies and procedures manual.


The Dowager Duchess of Spout
Collapsed at the height of a rout;
	She found strength to say
	As they bore her away:
"I should never have taken the trout."
		-- Edward Gorey


Dear Mr. Seldes:  I cannot remember the exact wording of the statement
to which you allude; but what I meant was that ... a man who calls
himself a 100% American and is proud of it, is generally 150% an idiot
politically.  But the designations may be good business for war
veterans.  Having bled for their country in 1861 and 1918, they have
bled it all they could consequently.  And why not?
		-- George Seldes, "The Great Quotations"


Checkuary, n.:
	The thirteenth month of the year.  Begins New Year's Day and ends
	when a person stops absentmindedly writing the old year on his checks.


Seek simplicity -- and distrust it.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"


A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.


As in certain cults it is possible to
kill a process if you know its true name.
		-- Ken Thompson and Dennis M. Ritchie


You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.


Actor:	So what do you do for a living?
Doris:	I work for a company that makes deceptively shallow serving
	dishes for Chinese restaurants.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"


Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.


Sniff sniff...  Hey!  Who farted?


You know you have a small apartment when Rice Krispies echo.
		-- S. Rickly Christian


Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim
And earthquakes only terrify the dolts,
And to him who's scientific
There is nothing that's terrific
In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "The Mikado"


Fast, cheap, good: pick two.


'Naomi, sex at noon taxes.' I moan.
Never odd or even.
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama.
Madam, I'm Adam.
Sit on a potato pan, Otis.
		-- The Mad Palindromist


A programming language is low level
when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.


C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas l'Informatique.
		-- Bosquet [on seeing the IBM 4341]


A '49er walked into the saloon at Bloody Gulch.  He'd been prospecting for
more than a year.
	"Hey!  Y'got any wimmen around here?"
	"Nope," the bartender replied, "But there's George in the back room."
	"I don't go for that kind of thing," the prospector scowled.  He
downed his drink and left disgustedly.
A few months passed before the miner found his way down the mountain again.
He stumbled into the tavern and asked the bartender, "Any wimmen pass through
this part of town?"
	"Nope.  Nary a one.  But we still got George in the back room."
	Angry, the miner shouted, "I told you I don't go for that kind of
thing," and turned on his heel and left.
	Within a year he came back from his mine again.  With a wild look on
his face he re-entered the saloon.  Leaning over the bar he whispered to the
bartender, "If I was to go into the back room with George, how many people
'round here would know?"
	"Oh," the bartender said, scratching his chin, "'bout seven, I guess."
	"Seven!?"
	"Yep.  You, me, George, and the four men holdin' him down.  You see,
George don't go for that kind of thing neither."


You can build a throne out of bayonets, but you can't sit on it for very long.
		-- Boris Yeltsin


One picture is worth 128K words.


Save gas, don't eat beans.


The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.


I wooed a stewed nude in Bermuda,
I was lewd, but my God! she was lewder.
	She said it was crude
	To be wooed in the nude--
I persued her, subdued her, and screwed her!


Many nice things suck.


Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be
liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person shall
be deemed to be a cat.
		-- Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London


Confidant, confidante, n.:
	One entrusted by A with the secrets of B, confided to himself by C.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You can move the world with an idea,
but you have to think of it first.


Overdrawn?  But I still have checks left!


The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look
respectable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith


Sighed a neat little package named Annie:
"I've the tits and the twat and the fanny,
	Plus the yen, but the men
	Only call now and then--
Can it be I've B.O. in my cranny?"


If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
		-- Robert Frost


The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing,
And surly Winter grimly flies.
Now crystal clear are the falling waters,
And bonnie blue are the sunny skies.
Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning,
The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell:
All creatures joy in the sun's returning,
And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell.

The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer,
The yellow Autumn presses near;
Then in his turn come gloomy Winter,
Till smiling Spring again appear.
Thus seasons dancing, life advancing,
Old Time and Nature their changes tell;
But never ranging, still unchanging,
I adore my bonnie Bell.
		-- Robert Burns, "My Bonnie Bell"


People who claim they don't let little things bother
them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.


Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac
(and nobody cares about it).
		-- Bill Joy 6/21/85


"Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>


I realize that the MX missile is none of our concern.  I realize that
the whole point of living in a democracy is that we pay professional
congresspersons to concern themselves with things like the MX missile
so we can be free to concern ourselves with getting hold of the
plumber.

But from time to time, I feel I must address major public issues such
as this, because in a free and open society, where the very future of
the world hinges on decisions made by our elected leaders, you never
win large cash journalism awards if you stick to the topics I usually
write about, such as nose-picking.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


Put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!


The public demands certainties;  it must be told definitely and a bit
raucously that this is true and that is false.  But there are no
certainties.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Prejudice"


A stately-looking matron was walking through the Bronx Zoo, studying the
animals.  When she passed the porcupine enclosure she beckoned to a nearby
attendant.
	"Young man," she began, "do North American porcupines have sharper
pricks than those raised in Africa?"
	The attendant hesitated for a moment.  "Well, ma'am," he answered,
"the African porcupine's quills are sharper... but I think their pricks are
about the same."


Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
		-- G. J. Danton


Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.


I/O, I/O,
It's off to disk I go,
A bit or byte to read or write,
I/O, I/O, I/O...


Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood


Cordelia: Does looking at guns make you want to have sex?
Xander:	  I'm seventeen.  Looking at _L_I_N_O_L_E_U_M makes me want to have sex.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Innocence"
		   Season 2, Episode 14


A friend in need is a pest indeed.


Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
		-- Richard Armour


Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.


Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
		-- Lily Tomlin


Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.


Whatever is not nailed down is mine.
Whatever I can pry up is not nailed down.
		-- Collis P. Huntingdon, railroad tycoon


Try `stty 0' -- it works much better.


If it's worth doing, it's worth doing for money.


When in this world the headlines read
Of those whose hearts are filled with greed
Who rob and steal from those who need
The cry goes up with blinding speed for Underdog (UNDERDOG!)
Underdog (UNDERDOG!)
Speed of lightning, roar of thunder
Fighting all who rob or plunder
Underdog (ah-ah-ah-ah)
Underdog
UNDERDOG!


That Xanthippe's husband should have become so great a philosopher is
remarkable.  Amid all the scolding, to be able to think!  But he could not
write: that was impossible.  Socrates has not left us a single book.
		-- Heine


Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.


APPENDIX:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.


Kamikazes do it once.


Boy!  Eucalyptus!


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#2

Desserts:
	A woman will generally admire an ornate dessert for the artistic
work it is, praising its creator and waiting a suitable interval before
she reluctantly takes a small sliver off one edge.  A man will start by
grabbing the cherry in the center.

Car repair:
	The average man thinks his Y chromosome contains complete repair
manuals for every car made since World War II.  He will work on a problem
himself until it either goes away or turns into something that "can't be
fixed without special tools".
	The average woman thinks "that funny thump-thump noise" is an
accurate description of an automotive problem.  She will, however, have the
car serviced at the proper intervals and thereby incur fewer problems than
the average man.


A computer science student on an exam:

	According to Shannon, information has entropy.  Entropy is just
	a mathematical trick to introduce temperature.  Consequently,
	information has temperature.  Hence there are hot news and cool
	news.


A "No" uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a
"Yes" merely uttered to please, or what is worse, to avoid trouble.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi


Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting
enough cheese.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


If you took all of the grains of sand in the world, and lined
them up end to end in a row, you'd be working for the government!
		-- Mr. Interesting


The most common given name in the world is Mohammad; the most common
family name in the world is Chang.  Can you imagine the enormous number
of people in the world named Mohammad Chang?
		-- Derek Wills


To write a sonnet you must ruthlessly
strip down your words to naked, willing flesh.
Then bind them to a metaphor or three,
and take by force a satisfying mesh.
Arrange them to your will, each foot in place.
You are the master here, and they the slaves.
Now whip them to maintain a constant pace
and rhythm as they stand in even staves.
A word that strikes no pleasure?  Cast it out!
What use are words that drive not to the heart?
A lazy phrase? Discard it, shrug off doubt,
and choose more docile words to take its part.
A well-trained sonnet lives to entertain,
by making love directly to the brain.


A fool and his honey are soon parted.


Only way to open lips of pigeon, sledgehammer.


Never kick a man, unless he's down.


A drunk was sitting at the end of the bar in a popular singles' place,
watching a young, good-looking man working his way through the women.  The
guy didn't appear to be having much luck, and he was only spending a few
moments with each woman.  As he worked his way closer, while he couldn't
hear what the young man was saying, he realized that the women were somewhat
shocked at his approach.  Finally, the man approaches a pretty brunette and
they hit it off immediately.  After a bit of quiet conversation, she handed
the young man her hotel key and they started off for the elevators.  As they
passed the drunk, he stopped the lucky one and asked him what his method was.
	"Well," the man replied, "It's simple.  You say 'Tickle your ass
with a feather?'  If she sounds interested, you take it from there.  If she
sounds angry, you smile and say 'Typically nasty weather.'"
	The drunk says "Ohhhhh, got it, I got it!" and walks over to a woman
at the end of the bar to try out his new approach.  Getting her attention,
he smiles and says "Fuck me!"
	"What?!?!?" she screams.
	"Raining like hell, isn't it?"


In Denver it is unlawful to lend your vacuum cleaner to your next-door
neighbor.


Remember -- only 10% of anything can be in the top 10%.


