And we heard him exclaim
As he started to roam:
"I'm a hologram, kids,
please don't try this at home!'"
		-- Bob Violence


An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.


The optimum committee has no members.
		-- Norman Augustine


Optimization hinders evolution.


Sic transit gloria Monday!


Q:	What do WASPs do instead of making love?
A:	Rule the country.


Coach: How's it going, Norm?
Norm:  Daddy's rich and Momma's good lookin'.
		-- Cheers, Truce or Consequences

Sam:   What's up, Norm?
Norm:  My nipples.  It's freezing out there.
		-- Cheers, Coach Returns to Action

Coach: What's the story, Norm?
Norm:  Thirsty guy walks into a bar.  You finish it.
		-- Cheers, Endless Slumper


Life is like a cucumber -- one moment it's
in your hand, the next it's up your ass.


	Hardware met Software on the road to Changtse.  Software said: "You
are the Yin and I am the Yang.  If we travel together we will become famous
and earn vast sums of money."  And so the pair set forth together, thinking
to conquer the world.
	Presently, they met Firmware, who was dressed in tattered rags, and
hobbled along propped on a thorny stick.  Firmware said to them: "The Tao
lies beyond Yin and Yang.  It is silent and still as a pool of water.  It does
not seek fame, therefore nobody knows its presence.  It does not seek fortune,
for it is complete within itself.  It exists beyond space and time."
	Software and Hardware, ashamed, returned to their homes.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


"Last night,"  said a lassie named Ruth,
"In a long-distance telephone booth,
	I enjoyed the perfection
	Of an ideal connection --
I was screwed, if you must know the truth."


Oh, my friend, it is not what they take away from you that counts --
it's what you do with what you have left.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for
me!
		-- "Ma" Ferguson, Governor of Texas (circa 1920)


We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away.  The center
of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away.  You could drive that in a week,
but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
		-- Andy Rooney


Stay away from hurricanes for a while.


QOTD:
	"I'd crawl a mile over burning desert sand just to kiss the dick of
	the guy who screwed her last."


There's a long-standing bug relating to the x86 architecture that
allows you to install Windows.
		-- Matthew D. Fuller


The only possible interpretation of any research
whatever in the "social sciences" is: some do, some don't.
		-- Ernest Rutherford


Well, it seems that there was this traveling saleswoman whose car broke
down, late at night, in the middle of a torrential downpour.  Hoping to
find a phone she ran to a nearby farmhouse.  When she was unable to find
a garage still open, the farmer told her that, while they were short of
beds, she could sleep with his daughter.  The daughter proved to eighteen
and beautiful.  So they went to bed, and shortly afterward, the saleswoman
rolled over toward the daughter and said, "Dear, I'm sure that you're aware
that some women like... to be with... other women.  Let me be frank..."
	"No!" interrupted the daughter, sternly.  "This time *I* want to
be Frank!"


Sex without love is an empty experience, but,
as empty experiences go, it's one of the best.
		-- Woody Allen


There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Meester, do you vant to buy a duck?


	When the surgeon came to see her on the morning after her
operation, the young woman asked her somewhat hesitantly how long it
would be before she could resume her sex life.  "I really haven't
thought about it," gulped the stunned surgeon.  "You're the first
patient who's asked me that after a tonsillectomy!"


Marriage is a three ring circus:
engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
		-- Roger Price


The prick of the engineer, Scott,
Fell off from Saturnian rot.
	He went to the basement
	And made a replacement
Of tungsten and plastic and snot.


I have a map of the United States.  It's actual size.
I spent last summer folding it.
People ask me where I live, and I say, "E6".
		-- Steven Wright


Would you rather have a 5-inch hard or an 8-inch floppy?


	A ranger was walking through the forest and encountered a hunter
carrying a shotgun and a dead loon.  "What in the world do you think you're
doing?  Don't you know that the loon is on the endangered species list?"
	Instead of answering, the hunter showed the ranger his game bag,
which contained twelve more loons.
	"Why would you shoot loons?", the ranger asked.
	"Well, my family eats them and I sell the plumage."
	"What's so special about a loon?  What does it taste like?"
	"Oh, somewhere between an American Bald Eagle and a Trumpeter Swan."


Radicalism:
	The conservatism of tomorrow injected into the affairs of today.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Famous last words:
	1: Everything that you'll need to know is in the manual.
	2: You and what army?
	3: Don't worry, I can handle it.
	4: If you were as smart as you think you are, you wouldn't
		be a cop.
	5: I don't see how they make a profit
		out of this stuff at a dollar and a quarter a fifth.
	6: We're just getting into semantics again.
	7: Everything's under control.
	8: He's an asshole!  Don't try to "shush" me!


Using encryption on the Internet is the equivalent of arranging
an armoured car to deliver credit card information from someone
living in a cardboard box to someone living on a park bench.
		-- Gene Spafford, Purdue University


Dear Emily:
	I'm having a serious disagreement with somebody on the net. I
tried complaints to his sysadmin, organizing mail campaigns, called for
his removal from the net and phoning his employer to get him fired.
Everybody laughed at me.  What can I do?
		-- A Concerned Citizen

Dear Concerned:
	Go to the daily papers.  Most modern reporters are top-notch computer
experts who will understand the net, and your problems, perfectly.  They
will print careful, reasoned stories without any errors at all, and surely
represent the situation properly to the public.  The public will also all
act wisely, as they are also fully cognizant of the subtle nature of net
society.
	Papers never sensationalize or distort, so be sure to point out things
like racism and sexism wherever they might exist.  Be sure as well that they
understand that all things on the net, particularly insults, are meant
literally.  Link what transpires on the net to the causes of the Holocaust, if
possible.  If regular papers won't take the story, go to a tabloid paper --
they are always interested in good stories.


The man who understands one woman is
qualified to understand pretty well everything.
		-- Yeats


... But as records of courts and justice are admissible, it can
easily be proved that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed
and were a scourge to mankind.  The evidence (including confession)
upon which certain women were convicted of witchcraft and executed was
without a flaw; it is still unimpeachable.  The judges' decisions based
on it were sound in logic and in law.  Nothing in any existing court
was ever more thoroughly proved than the charges of witchcraft and
sorcery for which so many suffered death.  If there were no witches,
human testimony and human reason are alike destitute of value.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


SYSTEM-INDEPENDENT:
	Works equally poorly on all systems.


If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we would
all be millionaires.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


If you stick your head in the sand,
one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.


GEMINI (May 21 - June 20)
	You are a quick and intelligent thinker.  People like you because
you are bisexual.  However, you are inclined to expect too much for too
little.  This means you are cheap.  Geminis are known for committing incest.


I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.


If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far.
		-- Paul White


When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.
		-- Brooke Shields


Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...
and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
		-- Wernher von Braun


Counting in binary is just like counting
in decimal -- if you are all thumbs.
		-- Glaser and Way


The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd
And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven;
The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth
And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change.
These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
		-- Katharine Fullerton Gerould


You dialed 5483.


I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres
and planets.  Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit
-- around the sun.  If we have the mass of Jupiter to work with, and if
we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand
feet for the base.

And it has advantages.  The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson
sphere.  We can spin it on its axis for gravity.  A rotation speed of 770
m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal.  We wouldn't even need to
roof it over.  Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the
sun.  Very little air will leak over the edges.

Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.  With three million times the surface
area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the
crowding.
		-- Larry Niven, "Ringworld"


Life is like a cucumber -- one moment it's
in your hand, the next it's up your ass.


Fremen add life to spice!


Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.


Perplexed, a shy virgin named Plummer
Asked, "what's there to do in the summer?"
	She declined and declined
	Till approached from behind...
When her summer turned out quite a bummer!


If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
		-- Robert Pante, fashion consultant


Hitler used methods against white men in Europe, which by tacit
agreement between the cultural European nations were only to be
used against the coloured.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Facts, apart from their relationships, are like labels on empty bottles.
		-- Sven Italla


The partition of Vavasour Scowles
Was a sickener: they came on his bowels
	In a firkin; his brain
	Was found clogging a drain,
And his toes were inside of some towels.
		-- Edward Gorey


17.  HO HUM -- The Redundant

------- (7)	This hexagram refers to a situation of extreme
--- --- (8)	boredom.  Your programs always bomb off.  Your wife
------- (7)	smells bad.  Your children have hives.  You are working
---O--- (6)	on an accounting system, when you want to develop
---X--- (9)	the GREAT AMERICAN COMPILER.  You give up hot dates
--- --- (8)	to nurse sick computers.  What you need now is sex.

Nine in the second place means:
	The yellow bird approaches the malt shop.  Misfortune.

Six in the third place means:
	In former times men built altars to honor the Internal
	Revenue Service.  Great Dragons!  Are you in trouble!


When the Ngdanga tribe of West Africa hold their moon love ceremonies,
the men of the tribe bang their heads on sacred trees until they get a
nose bleed, which usually cures them of _t_h_a_t.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled
culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.


Violence is molding.


After all my erstwhile dear,
My no longer cherished,
Need we say it was not love,
Just because it perished?
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay


We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr. Sulu!


It's gonna be alright,
It's almost midnight,
And I've got two more bottles of wine.


	When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
"Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!  I'm strapped for cash and I haven't
the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!"
	"I'm glad to hear that," answered Abe.  "I was afraid you
might have some idea that you could borrow from me!"


Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.


Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.


God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
		-- Paul Valery


Nothing, adj.:
	A man with an erection who walks into a wall and breaks his nose.


Enemy -- SP (Suppressive Person) Order.  Fair Game.  May be deprived of
property or injured by any means by any Scientologist without any discipline
of the Scientologist.  May be tricked, sued or lied to or destroyed.
		-- L. Ron Hubbard, "Fair Game Doctrine"


No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


"I don't think so," said Ren'e Descartes.  Just then, he vanished.


A committee takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts and dies,
scattering the seed from which other committees will bloom.
		-- Parkinson


Es brilig war.  Die schlichte Toven
	Wirrten und wimmelten in Waben;
Und aller-m"umsige Burggoven
	Dir mohmen R"ath ausgraben.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Batteries not included.


Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


To keep your friends treat them kindly;
to kill them, treat them often.


America, I'm putting my queer shoulder to the wheel.
		-- Allen Ginsberg


While sitting 'neath an oak one morn
In thought on this and that,
A tiny, twitt'ring little bird		"Oh tiny bird, O Nature's gift
A load dropped in my hat.		Of music and of wit!
					Why didst thou feel that my best hat
"Thy music gladdens my poor soul,	Was thy best place to shit?"
And brings joy to my heart.
But tell me, little bird divine,	The tiny bird a few notes sang,
Why didst thou not just fart?"		Then answer'd "Pardon me,
					For thy hat I thought was my nest,
I rose and stood in solemn awe		A-fallen from the tree."
His words to better mull,
Then lifted up a paving block
And crushed his fucking skull.
		-- Bill Wordsworth, "A Tiny Twitt'ring Bird"


Conquering the world on horseback is easy; it is dismounting and
governing that is hard.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


ATLANTA:
	An entire city surrounded by an airport.


Fess:	Well, you must admit there is something innately humorous about
	a man chasing an invention of his own halfway across the galaxy.
Rod:	Oh yeah, it's a million yuks, sure.  But after all, isn't that the
	basic difference between robots and humans?
Fess:	What, the ability to form imaginary constructs?
Rod:	No, the ability to get hung up on them.
		-- Christopher Stasheff, "The Warlock in Spite of Himself"


The honeymoon is not actually over until we cease
to stifle our sighs and begin to stifle our yawns.
		-- Helen Rowland


Vini, vidi, vici.
[I came, I saw, I conquered].
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


Not every question deserves an answer.


The Ancient Doctrine of Mind Over Matter:
	I don't mind... and you don't matter.

		-- As revealed to reporter G. Rivera by Swami Havabanana


A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep
him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are
worth committing.
		-- Samuel Butler


We only acknowledge small faults in order
to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Tempt me with a spoon!


Pascal, n.:
	A programming language named after a man who would turn over
	in his grave if he knew about it.
		-- Datamation, January 15, 1984


Does it rape elephants?
		-- Brent Byer


You can't survive by sucking the juice from a wet mitten.
		-- Charles Schulz, "Things I've Had to Learn Over and
		   Over and Over"


Message will arrive in the mail.
Destroy, before the FBI sees it.


When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course
is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"


Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear
lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.
		-- Samuel Butler


I am a bookaholic.  If you are a decent
person, you will not sell me another book.


Rumour has it that the intrepid New Zealanders have finally discovered
two new uses for sheep.  Meat and wool.


A new koan:
	If you have some ice cream, I will give it to you.
	If you have no ice cream, I will take it away from you.
It is an ice cream koan.


