Help me, I'm a prisoner in a Fortune cookie file!


I think the Mormon prophet
Was a very funny man.
I wonder how his wives enjoyed
His Prophet Sharing Plan.


	"Hello, Mrs. Premise!"
	"Oh, hello, Mrs. Conclusion!  Busy day?"
	"Busy? I just spent four hours burying the cat."
	"Four hours to bury a cat!?"
	"Yes, he wouldn't keep still: wrigglin' about, 'owlin'..."
	"Oh, it's not dead then."
	"Oh no, no, but it's not at all a well cat, and as we're
goin' away for a fortnight I thought I'd better bury it just to be
on the safe side."
	"Quite right.  You don't want to come back from Sorrento
to a dead cat, do you?"
		-- Monty Python


Magnet, n.: Something acted upon by magnetism

Magnetism, n.: Something acting upon a magnet.

The two definitions immediately foregoing are condensed from the works
of one thousand eminent scientists, who have illuminated the subject
with a great white light, to the inexpressible advancement of human
knowledge.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You're at the end of the road again.


	Work Hard.
	Rock Hard.
	Eat Hard.
	Sleep Hard.
	Grow Big.
	Wear Glasses If You Need 'Em.
		-- The Webb Wilder Credo


Fakir, n.:
	A psychologist whose charismatic data have inspired almost
	religious devotion in his followers, even though the sources
	seem to have shinnied up a rope and vanished.


A great many people think they are thinking
when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
		-- William James


Murphy's Law of Research:
	Enough research will tend to support your theory.


Booker's Law:
	An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.


War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.


I once met a lassie named Ruth
In a long distance telephone booth.
	Now I know the perfection
	Of an ideal connection
Even if somewhat uncouth.


Luser, n.:
	Someone who picks up a female
	hitch-hiker walking home from a date.


Shouted Frosty the Snowman "Hooray!
I'm agog with excitement today!
	And the reason of course,
	A reliable source,
Said the snow blower's heading this way!"


If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all His windows.
		-- Yiddish saying


Preserve the old, but know the new.


The Ken Thompson school of thought on expert systems:
there's table lookup, fraud, and grand fraud.
		-- Andrew Hume


	Now, you might ask, "How do I get one of those complete home
tool sets for under $4?"  An excellent question.
	Go to one of those really cheap discount stores where they sell
plastic furniture in colors visible from the planet Neptune and where
they have a food section specializing in cardboard cartons full of
Raisinets and malted milk balls manufactured during the Nixon
administration.  In either the hardware or housewares department,
you'll find an item imported from an obscure Oriental country and
described as "Nine Tools in One", consisting of a little handle with
interchangeable ends representing inscrutable Oriental notions of tools
that Americans might use around the home.  Buy it.
	This is the kind of tool set professionals use.  Not only is it
inexpensive, but it also has a great safety feature not found in the
so-called quality tools sets: The handle will actually break right off
if you accidentally hit yourself or anything else, or expose it to
direct sunlight.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.


One by one the vice-presidents of a large corporation were called into the
boss's office.  Then the junior executives were individually summoned.
Finally the office boy was brought in.
	"I want the truth, Charles," the boss bellowed.  "Have you been
playing around with my secretary?"
	"N-no, sir," the office boy stammered.  "I-I'd never do anything
like that, sir."
	"All right, all right," sighed the boss, "then you fire her."


You know what I wish?  I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat
and I had my hands about it.
		-- Rorschach, "Watchmen"


If your parents don't have kids, neither will you.


TRANSVESTITE:
	Someone who spends his junior year at college abroad.


Millions long for immortality who do not know what
to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
		-- Susan Ertz


For thirty years a certain man went to spend every evening with Mme. ___.
When his wife died his friends believed he would marry her, and urged
him to do so.  "No, no," he said: "if I did, where should I have to
spend my evenings?"
		-- Chamfort


Etiquette is for those with no breeding;
fashion for those with no taste.


When you become used to never being alone,
you may consider yourself Americanized.


... computer hardware progress is so fast.  No other technology since
civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price
gain in 30 years.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets
and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
		-- Garrison Keillor


Q:	How do you keep a moron in suspense?


I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers;
what I said was all saloonkeepers were Democrats.


Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #12

O.E.D.:				David Lean, 1969, 3 hours 30 min.

	Lean's version of the Oxford Dictionary has been accused of
	shallowness in its treatment of a complete work.  Omar Sharif
	tends to overact as aardvark, but Alec Guinness is solid in
	the role of abbacy.  As usual, the photography is stunning.
	With Julie Christie.


QOTD:
	"If he learns from his mistakes, pretty soon he'll know everything."


San Francisco, n.:
	Marcel Proust editing an issue of Penthouse.


Q:	Minnesotans ask, "Why aren't there more pharmacists from Alabama?"
A:	Easy.  It's because they can't figure out how to get the little
	bottles into the typewriter.


	Youth is not a time of life--it is a state of mind. It is not a
matter of red cheeks, red lips and supple knees. It is a temper of the
will; a quality of the imagination; a vigor of the emotions; it is a
freshness of the deep springs of life.  Youth means a tempermental
predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure
over a life of ease.  This often exists in a man of fifty, more than in
a boy of twenty.  Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years;
people grow old by deserting their ideals.

	Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles
the soul.  Worry, doubt, self-distrust, fear and despair--these are the
long, long years that bow the head and turn the growing spirit back to
dust.

	Whether seventy or sixteen, there is in every being's heart a
love of wonder; the sweet amazement at the stars and starlike things and
thoughts; the undaunted challenge of events, the unfailing childlike
appetite for what comes next, and the joy in the game of life.

	You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young
as your self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as
old as your despair.

	In the central place of your heart there is a wireless station.
So long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, grandeur,
courage, and power from the earth, from men and from the Infinite--so
long are you young.  When the wires are all down and the central places
of your heart are covered with the snows of pessimism and the ice of
cynicism, then are you grown old, indeed!
		-- Samuel Ullman, "Youth" (1934), as published in
		   The Silver Treasury, Prose and Verse for Every Mood


Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know
what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
		-- Bertrand Russell


Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S Audit!
Just type in your name and social security number.
Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law:

Name	#




A man can sleep around, no questions asked, but if a woman makes nineteen
or twenty mistakes she's a tramp.
		-- Joan Rivers


Fortune Personals:
	SWBiM, 29.  Gr/Fr/Mild English.  Have
	own moose, hoop.  Sincere inquiries
	only.  Discreet.  Fortune P.O. Box 1910.


Duckies are fun!


	A manager went to his programmers and told them: "As regards to your
work hours: you are going to have to come in at nine in the morning and leave
at five in the afternoon."  At this, all of them became angry and several
resigned on the spot.
	So the manager said: "All right, in that case you may set your own
working hours, as long as you finish your projects on schedule."  The
programmers, now satisfied, began to come in a noon and work to the wee
hours of the morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Message from Our Sponsor on ttyTV at 13:58 ...


news: gotcha


99 blocks of crud on the disk,
99 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
100 blocks of crud on the disk!

100 blocks of crud on the disk,
100 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
101 blocks of crud on the disk!


Being stoned on marijuana isn't very different from being stoned on
gin.
		-- Ralph Nader


	"Have you lived here all your life?"
	"Oh, twice that long."


Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up
the pillow was gone.
		-- Tommy Cooper


VIRGINIA:
	A group of beautifully mounted hunters galloping behind
	baying hounds in pursuit of a union organizer.


For a good time, call (510) 642-9483


The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.


Bureaucrat, n.:
	A person who cuts red tape sideways.
		-- J. McCabe


Man belongs wherever he wants to go.
		-- Wernher von Braun


A.I. hackers do it with robots.


She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring - they applaud.


A bad marriage is like a horse with a broken leg, you can shoot
the horse, but it don't fix the leg.


Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.


Several years ago, some smart businessmen had an idea: Why not build a
big store where a do-it-yourselfer could get everything he needed at
reasonable prices?  Then they decided, nah, the hell with that, let's
build a home center.  And before long home centers were springing up
like crabgrass all over the United States.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


After living in New York, you trust nobody,
but you believe everything.  Just in case.


Software, n.:
	Formal evening attire for female computer analysts.


Wharbat darbid yarbou sarbay?


Apathy Club meeting this Friday.
If you want to come, you're not invited.


Jesus Never Fails

(He's never taken the Massachusetts Bar Exam, either.)


The philosopher's treatment of a question
is like the treatment of an illness.
		-- Wittgenstein


Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards,
for they become soggy and hard to light.

Do not throw cigarette butts in the urinal,
for they are subtle and quick to anger.


The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds
the other fellow of a dull one.
		-- Sid Caesar


Adding features does not necessarily increase
functionality -- it just makes the manuals thicker.


Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.


Sooner or later, generals will own you.


	"Yo, Mike!"
	"Yeah, Gabe?"
	"We got a problem down on Earth.  In Utah."
	"I thought you fixed that last century!"
	"No, no, not that.  Someone's found a security problem in the physics
program.  They're getting energy out of nowhere."
	"Blessit!  Lemme look...  <tappity clickity tappity>  Hey, it's
there all right!  OK, just a sec...  <tappity clickity tap... save... compile>
There, that ought to patch it.  Dist it out, wouldja?"
		-- Cold Fusion, 1989


There are also a lot of nice buildings in Haiphong.  What their
contributions are to the war effort I don't know, but the desire to
bomb a virgin building is terrific.
		-- Commander Henry Urban, Jr.


Dear Mister Language Person: What is the purpose of the apostrophe?

Answer: The apostrophe is used mainly in hand-lettered small business signs
to alert the reader than an "S" is coming up at the end of a word, as in:
WE DO NOT EXCEPT PERSONAL CHECK'S, or: NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ITEM'S.
Another important grammar concept to bear in mind when creating hand- lettered
small-business signs is that you should put quotation marks around random
words for decoration, as in "TRY" OUR HOT DOG'S, or even TRY "OUR" HOT DOG'S.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"


Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center
of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An
incorrect model can be a useful tool.
		-- Kelvin Throop III


I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson


And now, the Bing Crosby show, brought to you by the makers of Ex-Lax.
... a brief pause, and then Bing!


Lagnaf, n.:
	Let's All Get Naked And Fuck!


Competitive fury is not always anger.  It is the true missionary's
courage and zeal in facing the possibility that one's best may not
be enough.
		-- Gene Scott


I don't do it for the money.
		-- Donald Trump, Art of the Deal


Sweater, n.:
	A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.


The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.


McEwan's Rule of Relative Importance:
	When traveling with a herd of elephants,
	don't be the first to lie down and rest.


With/Without - and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
		-- Pink Floyd


There is no such thing as inner peace.  There is only nervousness or death.
Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
		-- Victor Hugo


Why do we want intelligent terminals
when there are so many stupid users?


Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
		-- Edgar W. Howe


History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.


Farmers in the Iowa State survey rated machinery breakdowns more
stressful than divorce.
		-- Wall Street Journal


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


The outraged husband discovered his wife in bed with another man.
	"What is the meaning of this?" he demanded.  "Who is this fellow?"
	"That seems like a fair question," said the wife, rolling over.
"What IS your name?"


Faith, n.:
	That quality which enables us to
	believe what we know to be untrue.


	Carol's head ached as she trailed behind the unsmiling Calibrees
along the block of booths.  She chirruped at Kennicott, "Let's be wild!
Let's ride on the merry-go-round and grab a gold ring!"
	Kennicott considered it, and mumbled to Calibree, "Think you folks
would like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Calibree considered it, and mumbled to his wife, "Think you'd like
to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Mrs. Calibree smiled in a washed-out manner, and sighed, "Oh no,
I don't believe I care to much, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Calibree stated to Kennicott, "No, I don't believe we care to a
whole lot, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Kennicott summarized the whole case against wildness: "Let's try
it some other time, Carrie."
	She gave it up.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Main Street"


When you are about to do an objective and scientific piece of investigation
of a topic, it is well to have the answer firmly in hand, so that you can
proceed forthrightly, without being deflected or swayed, directly to the
goal.
		-- Amrom Katz


And if sometime, somewhere, someone asketh thee,
"Who kilt thee?", tell them it 'twas the Doones of Bagworthy!


Well begun is half done.
		-- Aristotle


Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd
rather lie around.  No contest.
		-- Eric Clapton


The higher you climb, the more you show your ass.
		-- Alexander Pope, "The Dunciad"


It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.


	A priest was walking along the cliffs at Dover when he came upon
two locals pulling another man ashore on the end of a rope.  "That's what
I like to see", said the priest, "A man helping his fellow man".
	As he was walking away, one local remarked to the other, "Well,
he sure doesn't know the first thing about shark fishing."


One of the rules of Busmanship, New York style, is never surrender your
seat to another passenger.  This may seem callous, but it is the best
way, really.  If one passenger were to give a seat to someone who fainted
in the aisle, say, the others on the bus would become disoriented and
imagine they were in Topeka Kansas.


The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth,
and sixth years.


For adult education nothing beats children.


So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as
large as it needs to be?


Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.


Toilet Toupee, n.:
	Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus
	creating endless annoyance to male users.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Mistress Mary, quite contrary,
How does your garden grow?
With silver bells and cockle shells,
And one really fucked-up petunia.


Sauron is alive in Argentina!


There but for the grace of God, goes God.
		-- Winston Churchill, speaking of Sir Stafford Cripps


To find a friend one must close one eye; to keep him -- two.
		-- Norman Douglas


Q:	What's invisible and smells like carrots?
A:	Bunny farts.


Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
		-- Mark Twain


Interpreter, n.:
	One who enables two persons of different languages to understand
	each other by repeating to each what it would have been to the
	interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


