The superpowers often behave like two heavily armed blind men feeling their
way around a room, each believing himself in mortal peril from the other,
whom he assumes to have perfect vision.  Each tends to ascribe to the other
side a consistency, foresight and coherence that its own experience belies.
Of course, even two blind men can do enormous damage to each other, not to
speak of the room.
		-- Henry Kissinger


QOTD:
	"I tried buying a goat instead of a lawn tractor; had to return
	it though.  Couldn't figure out a way to connect the snow blower."


Whoever dies with the most toys wins.


California is proud to be the home of the freeway.
		-- Ronald Reagan


You know you're in a small town when...
	You don't use turn signals because everybody knows where you're going.
	You're born on June 13 and your family receives gifts from the local
		merchants because you're the first baby of the year.
	Everyone knows whose credit is good, and whose wife isn't.
	You speak to each dog you pass, by name... and he wags his tail.
	You dial the wrong number, and talk for 15 minutes anyway.
	You write a check on the wrong bank and it covers you anyway.


If you marry a man who cheats on his wife, you'll
be married to a man who cheats on his wife.
		-- Ann Landers


Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness.
This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a
computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.


SOFTWARE:
	Formal evening attire for female computer analysts.


The net of law is spread so wide,
No sinner from its sweep may hide.
Its meshes are so fine and strong,
They take in every child of wrong.
O wondrous web of mystery!
Big fish alone escape from thee!
		-- James Jeffrey Roche


A is for awk, which runs like a snail, and
B is for biff, which reads all your mail.
C is for cc, as hackers recall, while
D is for dd, the command that does all.
E is for emacs, which rebinds your keys, and
F is for fsck, which rebuilds your trees.
G is for grep, a clever detective, while
H is for halt, which may seem defective.
I is for indent, which rarely amuses, and
J is for join, which nobody uses.
K is for kill, which makes you the boss, while
L is for lex, which is missing from DOS.
M is for more, from which less was begot, and
N is for nice, which it really is not.
O is for od, which prints out things nice, while
P is for passwd, which reads in strings twice.
Q is for quota, a Berkeley-type fable, and
R is for ranlib, for sorting ar table.
S is for spell, which attempts to belittle, while
T is for true, which does very little.
U is for uniq, which is used after sort, and
V is for vi, which is hard to abort.
W is for whoami, which tells you your name, while
X is, well, X, of dubious fame.
Y is for yes, which makes an impression, and
Z is for zcat, which handles compression.
		-- THE ABC'S OF UNIX


If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
		-- Tom Robbins


The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
		-- Herbert von Fritzlar


Television -- the longest amateur night in history.
		-- Robert Carson


Q:	Why is it that the more accuracy you demand from an interpolation
	function, the more expensive it becomes to compute?
A:	That's the Law of Spline Demand.


Virgin, n.:
	An ugly third grader.


We have an equal opportunity Calculus class -- it's fully integrated.


The forest is safe because a lion lives therein and the lion is safe
because it lives in a forest.  Likewise the friendship of persons
rests on mutual help.
		-- Laukikanyay


The wages of sin are death; but after they're done taking out taxes,
it's just a tired feeling.


The world is coming to an end.  Please log off.


Our parents were of Midwestern stock and very strict.  They didn't want us
to grow up to be spoiled and rich.  If we left our tennis racquets in the
rain, we were punished.
		-- Nancy Ellis (George Bush's sister), in the New Republic


The nation that controls magnetism controls the universe.
		-- Chester Gould/Dick Tracy


Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
		-- The Mad Dogtender


Finagle's Eighth Law:
	If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.

Finagle's Ninth Law:
	No matter what results are expected,
	someone is always willing to fake it.

Finagle's Tenth Law:
	No matter what the result someone
	is always eager to misinterpret it.

Finagle's Eleventh Law:
	No matter what occurs, someone believes
	it happened according to his pet theory.


	At his sentencing, Herbie Sperling proved that he was the all-time
stand-up guy.
	Sperling's lawyer made a lengthy, impassioned plea for his client.
He talked of mercy, justice, humanity to fellow men who have chosen the wrong
path.  Yes, the crimes were serious, yes, Mr. Sperling deserves a prison
sentence, but the maximum sentence was not warranted.
	Then the judge turned to Sperling.  "Mr. Sperling, is there anything
you wish to say?"
	"Yes, Your Honor.  If you think I'm going to beg for mercy, you've
got another think coming.  You're all a bunch of fucking fascist cocksuckers,
you can all go to hell, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you..."
		-- Gregory Wallace, "Papa's Game"


A man rushed into a bar and breathlessly asked the bartender to pour him
three straight scotches.  The bartender complied, and watched as he downed
them one after another.
	"Why three scotches?" the bartender asked as he paused for breath.
	"Well, to be honest, I'm celebrating my first blow-job."
	"Hell, congratulations, the next one's on me."
	"No, thanks," the young man replied, "if the first three didn't get
the taste out of my mouth, I don't think another one will."


You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.
Therefore you have few friends.


Q:	Why did Ted Kennedy report the accident 8 hours after Mary
		Jo Kopechne drowned?
A:	Do you have any idea how hard it is to dress a woman underwater?


When we are planning for posterity,
we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
		-- Thomas Paine


Where am I?  Who am I?  Am I?  I


Everyone is in the best seat.
		-- John Cage


It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes?
[Who guards the Guardians?]


O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2


Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human
intelligence long enough to get money from it.


The default Magic Word, "Abracadabra", actually is a corruption of the
Hebrew phrase "ha-Bracha dab'ra" which means "pronounce the blessing".


Do you know Montana?


Politicians do it to everyone.


Violence is molding.


George Orwell was an optimist.


The courtroom was pregnant (pun intended) with anxious silence as the
judge solemnly considered his verdict in the paternity suit before him.
Suddenly, he reached into the folds of his robes, drew out a cigar and
ceremoniously handed it to the defendant.
	"Congratulations!" declaimed the jurist.  "You have just become a
father!"


Do infants have as much fun in infancy as adults do in adultery?


I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
		-- Bill Veeck


Fortune and love befriend the bold.
		-- Ovid


Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and its goodbye
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
		-- Kronecker


We were so poor we couldn't afford a watchdog.
If we heard a noise at night, we'd bark ourselves.
		-- Crazy Jimmy


Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a
percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler


VMS is like a nightmare about RSX-11M.


She just came in, pounced around this thing with me for a few
years, enjoyed herself, gave it a sort of beautiful quality and
left.  Excited a few men in the meantime.
		-- Patrick Macnee, reminiscing on Diana Rigg's
		   involvement in "The Avengers".


Charity begins at home.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


The sun was shining on the sea,
Shining with all his might:
He did his very best to make
The billows smooth and bright --
And this was very odd, because it was
The middle of the night.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers,
a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.
		-- "The Washington Post Magazine", June 9, 1985


Like ya know?  Rock 'N Roll is an esoteric language that unlocks the
creativity chambers in people's brains, and like totally activates their
essential hipness, which of course is like totally necessary for saving
the earth, like because the first thing in saving this world, is getting
rid of stupid and square attitudes and having fun.
		-- Senior Year Quote


Best Mistakes In Films
	In his "Filmgoer's Companion", Mr. Leslie Halliwell helpfully lists
four of the cinema's greatest moments which you should get to see if at all
possible.
	In "Carmen Jones", the camera tracks with Dorothy Dandridge down a
street; and the entire film crew is reflected in the shop window.
	In "The Wrong Box", the roofs of Victorian London are emblazoned
with television aerials.
	In "Decameron Nights", Louis Jourdain stands on the deck of his
fourteenth century pirate ship; and a white lorry trundles down the hill
in the background.
	In "Viking Queen", set in the times of Boadicea, a wrist watch is
clearly visible on one of the leading characters.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


You can't cheat the phone company.


Harrison's Postulate:
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.


Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies.  Women's magazines
also often feature pictures of naked ladies.  This is because the female
body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and
should not be seen by the light of day.
		-- Richard Roeper, "Men and Women Are Different"


There's little in taking or giving,
	There's little in water or wine:
This living, this living, this living,
	Was never a project of mine.
Oh, hard is the struggle, and sparse is
	The gain of the one at the top,
For art is a form of catharsis,
	And love is a permanent flop,
And work is the province of cattle,
	And rest's for a clam in a shell,
So I'm thinking of throwing the battle --
	Would you kindly direct me to hell?
		-- Dorothy Parker


A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember
your birthday when you never look any older?"


SWEATER:
	A garment worn by a child when their mother feels chilly.


You can't have everything.  Where would you put it?
		-- Steven Wright


Blue paint today.
		[Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson.  Ed.]


MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING


Russia has abolished God, but so far God has been more tolerant.
		-- John Cameron Swayze


To teach is to learn.


	"They spend years searching for their natural parents, convinced their
parents will be happy to see them.  I mean, really, can you imagine someone
being happy to see an orphan?  Nobody wants them... that's why they're orphans!"
	The speaker is Anne Baker, founder and guiding force behind
Orphan-Off, an organization dedicated to keeping orphans confused about the
whereabouts of their natural parents.  She is a woman with a mission:
	"Basically, what we do is band together to exchange information
about which orphans are looking for which parents in what part of the
country.  We're completely computerized.
	"The idea is to throw the orphans as many red herrings and false
leads as possible.  We'll tell some twenty-three-year-old loser that his
real parents can be found at a certain address on the other side of the
country.  Well, by the time the kid shows up, the family is prepared.  They
look over the kid's photos and information and they say, 'Oh, the Emersons...
yeah, they used to live here... I think they moved out about five years ago.
I think they went to Iowa, or maybe Idaho.'
	"Bam, the door shuts in the kid's face and he's back to zero again.
He's got nothing to go on but the orphan's pathetic determination to continue.
	"It's really amazing how much these kids will put up with.  Last year
we even sent one kid all the way to Australia.  I mean, really.  Besides, if
your natural parents were Australian, would you want to meet them?"
		-- "National Lampoon", September, 1984


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #18:

Q:  Are you married?
A:  No, I'm divorced.
Q:  And what did your husband do before you divorced him?
A:  A lot of things I didn't know about.


Ferguson's Precept:
	A crisis is when you can't say "let's forget the whole thing."


From the moment I picked your book up until I put it down I was
convulsed with laughter.  Some day I intend reading it.
		-- Groucho Marx, from "The Book of Insults"


Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD?
My friends all got sources, so why can't I see?
Come all you moby hackers, come sing it out with me:
To hell with the lawyers from AT&T!


	"Verily and forsooth," replied Goodgulf darkly.  "In the past year
strange and fearful wonders I have seen.  Fields sown with barley reap
crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts.
There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon.  Calendars are made with
a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance
salesmen.  The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in
square knots.  The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down
soggy potato chips."
	"But what do all these things mean?" gasped Frito.
	"Beats me," said Goodgulf with a shrug,
"but I thought it made good copy."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


What's the worst thing about being an atheist?
Noone to talk to when you're having an orgasm.


Premature ejaculation, n.:
	A spoilspurt.


Creating computer software is always a demanding and painstaking
process -- an exercise in logic, clear expression, and almost fanatical
attention to detail.  It requires intelligence, dedication, and an
enormous amount of hard work.  But, a certain amount of unpredictable
and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference
between adequacy and excellence.


Actually, the probability is 100% that the elevator
will be going in the right direction.  Proof by induction:

N=1.	Trivially true, since both you and the elevator
	only have one floor to go to.

Assume true for N, prove for N+1:
	If you are on any of the first N floors, then it is true by the
	induction hypothesis.  If you are on the N+1st floor, then both you
	and the elevator have only one choice, namely down.  Therefore,
	it is true for all N+1 floors.
QED.


You see that fucking fish?
If he'd kept his mouth shut, he wouldn'ta got caught.
		-- Sam Giancana


No woman can call herself free until she can choose consciously whether
she will or will not be a mother.
		-- Margaret H. Sanger


A pretty woman can do anything; an ugly woman must do everything.


The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
		-- Alexandre Arnoux, "Etudes et caprices"


So many women, and so little time!


The honest female orgasm is three to fifteen rhythmic contractions of the
outer third of the vagina at .8 second intervals, which is approximately
the beat of "Surfing Safari" by the Beach Boys.  Unless these contractions
occur, you can regard her groaning, moaning, clawing, kicking, begging for
mercy, and shouting filthy religious epithets as bargain-basement histrionics.
		-- John Hughes, National Lampoon


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. A beer won't make you go to church.
 2. A beer is more likely to know how to spell "carburetor" than a woman.
 3. A beer doesn't think baseball is stupid simply because the guys spit.
 4. A beer doesn't give a [expletive deleted] if you keep a bunch of
	other beers on the side.
 5. A beer will not call you a sexist pig if you say "Doberman" instead of
	"Doberperson."
 6. A beer won't get a job as a DJ and play 5 straight hours of lesbian
	folk music on yer fave radio station.
 7. A beer understands why The Three Stooges are funny.
 8. A beer won't raise a fuss about a little thing like leaving the
	toilet seat up.
 9. A beer doesn't think that a "three-hundred-fifty cubic-inch V8" is an
	enormous can of vegetable juice.
10. A beer won't smoke in your car.


And what accomplished villains these old engineers were!  What diabolical
ways to sabotage they found!  Nikolai Karlovich von Meck, of the People's
Commissariat of Railroads ... would hold forth for hours on end about the
economic problems involved in the construction of socialism, and he loved to
give advice.  One such pernicious piece of advice was to increase the size
of freight trains and not worry about heavier than average loads.  The GPU
exposed van Meck, and he was shot: his objective had been to wear out rails
and roadbeds, freight cars and locomotives, so as to leave the Republic
without railroads in case of foreign military intervention!  When, not long
afterward, the new People's Commissar of Railroads ordered that average
loads should be increased, and even doubled and tripled them, the malicious
engineers who protested became known as limiters ... they were rightly
shot for their lack of faith in the possibilities of socialist transport.
		-- Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn, "The Gulag Archipelago"


They watched the sun slowly sink behind the hills, and the fiery glow on the
lake fade into darkness. He eyed her shadowy figure, accentuated by the moon-
light, as the tension from within began to fuel his animalistic desires.
She followed him, ever so quietly, as they sought a secluded corner in the
barn.  Alone!  At last.  His hands roamed about her soft back, around to her
thighs, and finally caressed her budding nipples.  Oh, how smooth and succulent
she was!  "Was it so wrong?", he asked himself.  No, he thought, for his
father had done it, as did his own father, ad infinitum.  The boiling,
uncontrollable rage within him became unbearable.  She signaled her eagerness,
spreading her legs, as he grasped her nipples again.  Stroking, again and
again, longer each time.  It began coming; again, again, again, again.  His
mind raced with fear "Will it stop?".  Exhausted, he lay down beside her.
"Dear God, what have I done?".  Suddenly, his father burst in.  His eyes
burned as he stared for what seemed an eternity.  Finally, his father spoke.
	"Son, you ain't supposed to milk the damn cow till mornin'!"


But I always fired into the nearest hill or, failing that, into blackness.
I meant no harm;  I just liked the explosions.  And I was careful never to
kill more than I could eat.
		-- Raoul Duke


While vacationing last summer in the North Woods, a young fellow thought it
might be a good idea to write his girl.  He had brought no stationery with
him, however; so he had to walk into town for some.  Entering the one and
only general store, he discovered that the clerk was a young, full-blown farm
girl with languorous eyes.
	"Do you keep stationery?" he asked.
	"Well," she giggled, "I do until the last few seconds, and then I
just go wild."


I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
		-- Totie Fields


You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are.
If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


SCORPIO (Oct. 23 to Nov. 21)
	Friends abound today, seeking repayment of past loans.  Smile.  Check
	for concealed weapons.  Your natural cheerfulness makes others want
	to throw up.  Knock it off.


The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks
Which practically conceal its sex.
I think it clever of the turtle
In such a fix to be so fertile.
		-- Ogden Nash


The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to
hang yourself.  And then a couple of feet more, just to be sure.


Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the
former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.

Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and
reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.  In those days, spirits
were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women
and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri.  And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty
deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus
was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Buffy:	It was exactly you Will, every detail.  Except for your not being
	a dominatrix, as far as we know.
Willow:	Oh right, me and Oz play, "Mistress of Pain" every night.
Xander:	Did anyone else just go to a scary visual place?
Buffy:	Oh yeah.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Dopplegangland"
		   Season 3, Episode 16


I accept chaos.  I am not sure whether it accepts me.  I know some people
are terrified of the bomb.  But then some people are terrified to be seen
carrying a modern screen magazine.  Experience teaches us that silence
terrifies people the most.
		-- Bob Dylan


The Ken Thompson school of thought on expert systems:
there's table lookup, fraud, and grand fraud.
		-- Andrew Hume


Tell you what," the haberdasher said to a persistent job applicant.  "I've
got one suit I can't sell -- that purple, green and yellow number over there.
If you can make that sale, you've not only got the job, you've got it for
life."
	Then the store owner left for lunch.  When he returned, he was shocked
to see the young man's clothes in tatters and his hands and face bleeding.
	"My God, what happened to you?"
	"I sold the suit!  I sold the suit!" the young man shouted, a smile
on his bloodied lips.
	"Congratulations," the haberdasher said.  "You've got the job.  But
what happened?  Did the customer start a fight?"
	"Oh, no," the new salesman replied.  "But his Seeing Eye dog was
*pissed*."


ISO applications:
	A solution in search of a problem!


My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower,
but they were there to meet the boat.


Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein


An authority is a person who can tell you more about something than you
really care to know.


Cold hands, no gloves.


Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.


You're growing out of some of your problems,
but there are others that you're growing into.


The basic menu item, in fact the ONLY menu item, would be a food unit
called the "patty," consisting of -- this would be guaranteed in
writing -- "100 percent animal matter of some kind."  All patties would
be heated up and then cooled back down in electronic devices
immediately before serving.  The Breakfast Patty would be a patty on a
bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, egg, Ba-Ko-Bits, Cheez Whiz, a Special
Sauce made by pouring ketchup out of a bottle and a little slip of
paper stating: "Inspected by Number 12".  The Lunch or Dinner Patty
would be any Breakfast Patties that didn't get sold in the morning.
The Seafood Lover's Patty would be any patties that were starting to
emit a serious aroma.  Patties that were too rank even to be Seafood
Lover's Patties would be compressed into wads and sold as "Nuggets."
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"


Tyger, Tyger, burning bright		Where the hammer?  Where the chain?
In the forests of the night,		In what furnace was thy brain?
What immortal hand or eye		What the anvil?  What dread grasp
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?	Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

Burnt in distant deeps or skies		When the stars threw down their spears
The cruel fire of thine eyes?		And water'd heaven with their tears
On what wings dare he aspire?		Dare he laugh his work to see?
What the hand dare seize the fire?	Dare he who made the lamb make thee?

And what shoulder & what art		Tyger, Tyger, burning bright
Could twist the sinews of they heart?	In the forests of the night,
And when thy heart began to beat	What immortal hand or eye
What dread hand & what dread feet	Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

Could fetch it from the furnace deep
And in thy horrid ribs dare steep
In the well of sanguine woe?
In what clay & in what mould
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
		-- William Blake, "The Tyger"


Anxiety, n.:
	The first time you can't do it a second time.

Panic, n.:
	The second time you can't do it the first time.


Man is a military animal,
Glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
		-- P. J. Bailey


For an idea to be fashionable is ominous,
since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.


Immortality -- a fate worse than death.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff


Q:	How does a girl know she's sleeping with a Computer Scientist?
A:	It isn't hard.


	"I'll tell you what I know, then," he decided.  "The pin I'm wearing
means I'm a member of the IA.  That's Inamorati Anonymous.  An inamorato is
somebody in love.  That's the worst addiction of all."
	"Somebody is about to fall in love," Oedipa said, "you go sit with
them, or something?"
	"Right.  The whole idea is to get where you don't need it.  I was
lucky.  I kicked it young.  But there are sixty-year-old men, believe it or
not, and women even older, who might wake up in the night screaming."
	"You hold meetings, then, like the AA?"
	"No, of course not.  You get a phone number, an answering service
you can call.  Nobody knows anybody else's name; just the number in case
it gets so bad you can't handle it alone.  We're isolates, Arnold.  Meetings
would destroy the whole point of it."
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "The Crying of Lot 49"


Hey, Jim, it's me, Susie Lillis from the laundromat.  You said you were
gonna call and it's been two weeks.  What's wrong, you lose my number?


	The devout Jew was beside himself because his son had been dating
a shiksa, so he went to visit his rabbi.  The rabbi listened solemnly to
his problem, took his hand, and said, "Pray to God."
	So the Jew went to the synagogue, bowed his head, and prayed, "God,
please help me.  My son, my favorite son, he's going to marry a shiksa, he
sees nothing but goyim..."
	"Your son," boomed down this voice from the heavens, "you think
you got problems.  What about my son?"


Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.


The identical is equal to itself, since it is different.
		-- Franco Spisani


You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
		-- Eugene Ionesco


My cup hath runneth'd over with love.


Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.


As you will see, I told them, in no uncertain terms, to see Figure one.
		-- Dave "First Strike" Pare


If it weren't for pickpockets, I'd have no sex life at all.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


When in calling, plain speaking is out;
When the ladies (God bless 'em) are milling about,
You may wet, make water, or empty the glass;
You can powder your nose, or the "johnny" will pass.
It's a drain for the lily, or man about dog
When everyone's drunk, it's condensing the fog;
But sure as the devil, that word with a hiss
It's only in Shakespeare that characters ____.
		-- Ogden Nash


A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"


It's hard to think of you as the end
result of millions of years of evolution.


Next Friday will not be your lucky day.
As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.


Men say of women what pleases them; women do with men what pleases them.
		-- DeSegur


God said it, I believe it and that's all there is to it.


	Overheard in a bar:
Man: "Hey, Baby, I'd sure like to get in your pants!"
Woman: "No, thanks, I've already got one ass-hole in there now."


We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is
in it - and stay there, lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot
stove-lid.  She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again - and that
is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one any more.
		-- Mark Twain


Q:	Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?
A:	Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
		-- Iain MacKintosh, Glasgow folksinger


I hate dying.
		-- Dave Johnson


If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
		-- Mary Wilson Little


Life isn't a bitch.  Life is a virgin.  A bitch is easy.


Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.


The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite
of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr


	"But Huey, you PROMISED!"
	"Tell 'em I lied."


The truth you speak has no past and no future.
It is, and that's all it needs to be.


The three sexual positions during pregnancy.

During the first four months:	Missionary style
During the second four months:	Doggie style
And during the last month:	Coyote style

Coyote style?
	You sit by the hole and howl.


Mix's Law:
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary building.
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.


Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn


A mushroom cloud has no silver lining.


Hear about...
	the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
	Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.


How much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?


Last year we drove across the country...  We switched on the driving...
every half mile.  We had one cassette tape to listen to on the entire trip.
I don't remember what it was.
		-- Steven Wright


An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize
the president but is always polite to traffic cops.


Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade,
since it consists principally of dealings with men.
		-- Conrad


Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett


Today, of course, it is considered very poor taste to use the F-word
except in major motion pictures.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You can enjoy a beer all month.
 2. Beer stains wash out.
 3. Beer doesn't go crazy once a month.
 4. Beer never makes you wait.
 5. A beer doesn't get jealous when you grab another beer.
 6. Beer doesn't have a lawyer "in the family".
 7. A beer won't get upset if you come home with beer on your breath.
 8. Beer doesn't demand equality.
 9. Beer labels come off without a fight.
10. Beer doesn't mind being in the "wet spot" that IT left.


You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long
when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to
make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie
chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.


Expansion means complexity; and complexity decay.


Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.


Brigands will demand your money or
your life, but a woman will demand both.
		-- Samuel Butler


The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding
bureaucracy.


Hale Mail Rule, The:
	When you are ready to reply to a letter, you will lack at least
	one of the following:
			(a) A pen or pencil or typewriter.
			(b) Stationery.
			(c) Postage stamp.
			(d) The letter you are answering.


A major, with wonderful force,
Called out in Hyde Park for a horse.
	All the flowers looked round,
	But no horse could be found;
So he just rhododendron, of course.


Are Women Human?
In the year 584, in Lyon, France, 43 Catholic bishops and 20 men
representing other bishops, after a lengthy debate, took a vote.
The results were 32 yes, 31 no.  Women were declared human by one
vote.


	Fred noticed his roommate had a black eye upon returning from a dance.
"What happened?"
	"I was struck by the beauty of the place."


	Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void.  Waiting
alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion.  It is
the source of all programs.  I do not know its name, so I will call it the
Tao of Programming.
	If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler is
greater, then the applications is great.  The user is pleased and there is
harmony in the world.
	The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of
morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


State license plates we'd like to see:

	MICHIGAN				CALIFORNIA
       4-GET 74-77				EGO-MN-E-X
EMBARRASSED HOME STATE OF GERALD FORD	THE SERIAL KILLER STATE

	NORTH CAROLINA				NEW JERSEY
	  WL-GOLLY				 ARG GGH
HOME OF GOMER, GOOBER AND JESSE HELMS	   FIRST IN TOXIC WASTE

	  KANSAS				WASHINGTON DC
	  TOTO -2				$10000000 ETC
THE NOT MUCH SINCE THE WIZARD OF OZ	WASTING YOUR MONEY SINCE 1810
	  MOVIE STATE


Like an expensive sports car, fine-tuned and well-built, Portia was sleek,
shapely, and gorgeous, her red jumpsuit moulding her body, which was as warm
as seatcovers in July, her hair as dark as new tires, her eyes flashing like
bright hubcaps, and her lips as dewy as the beads of fresh rain on the hood;
she was a woman driven -- fueled by a single accelerant -- and she needed a
man, a man who wouldn't shift from his views, a man to steer her along the
right road: a man like Alf Romeo.
		-- Rachel Sheeley, winner

The hair ball blocking the drain of the shower reminded Laura she would never
see her little dog Pritzi again.
		-- Claudia Fields, runner-up

It could have been an organically based disturbance of the brain -- perhaps a
tumor or a metabolic deficiency -- but after a thorough neurological exam it
was determined that Byron was simply a jerk.
		-- Jeff Jahnke, runner-up

Winners in the 7th Annual Bulwer-Lytton Bad Writing Contest.  The contest is
named after the author of the immortal lines:  "It was a dark and stormy
night."  The object of the contest is to write the opening sentence of the
worst possible novel.


