Five people -- an Englishman, Russian, American, Frenchman and Irishman
were each asked to write a book on elephants.  Some amount of time later they
had all completed their respective books.  The Englishman's book was entitled
"The Elephant -- How to Collect Them", the Russian's "The Elephant -- Vol. I",
the American's "The Elephant -- How to Make Money from Them", the Frenchman's
"The Elephant -- Its Mating Habits" and the Irishman's "The Elephant and
Irish Political History".


The problem with being best man at a wedding is that you never get a
chance to prove it.


"Algorithms" is an anagram for "Hilt orgasm".  Maybe this explains
the popularity of this field of study in computer science.


Whatever doesn't succeed in two months and a half in California will
never succeed.
		-- Rev. Henry Durant, founder of the University of California


The man who said "A bird in the hand's worth two in the bush" has been
putting his bird in the *WRONG* bushes.


The trouble with heart disease is that the first
symptom is often hard to deal with: death.
		-- Michael Phelps


T-shirt of the Week:
	I'm not excited, I'm cold!


Nobody is one block of harmony.  We are all afraid of something, or feel
limited in something.  We all need somebody to talk to.  It would be good
if we talked to each other--not just pitter-patter, but real talk.  We
shouldn't be so afraid, because most people really like this contact;
that you show you are vulnerable makes them free to be vulnerable too.
It's so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
		-- Liv Ullman


There's nothing like good food, good wine, and a bad girl.


Don't feed the bats tonight.


Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
		-- E. M. Forster


Knebel's Law:
	It is now proved beyond doubt that smoking is one of the leading
	causes of statistics.


Disc space -- the final frontier!


	"Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention?"
	"To the curious incident of the dog in the night-time."
	"The dog did nothing in the night-time."
	"That was the curious incident," remarked Sherlock Holmes.


If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy


You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.


A person is just about as big as the things that make him angry.


Q:	How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to observe how the lightbulb
	itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective
	reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a
	maudlin cosmos of nothingness.


Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD?
My friends all got sources, so why can't I see?
Come all you moby hackers, come sing it out with me:
To hell with the lawyers from AT&T!


In specifications, Murphy's Law supersedes Ohm's.


Thrashing is just virtual crashing.


On-line, adj.:
	The idea that a human being should always be accessible to a
	computer.


A kid'll eat the middle of an Oreo, eventually.


		LEPROSY
Leprosy, all my skin is falling off of me.
I'm not half the man I used to be.
Oh, how did I get leprosy?

Syphilis, it all started with a simple kiss.
Now it even hurts to take a piss.
Oh why did I get syphilis?

Why'd she have VD?  I don't know, she wouldn't say.
I did something wrong, now I long for yesterday ...
		-- To the tune of "Yesterday"


Size counts.


Note: The system panics with a "NULL pointer dereference" message

Failed due to: SunOS 5.8 is installed.
		-- Output of a SunCheckup run on a Solaris 8 machine


Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the
way he did.  In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an
indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less
important to him than his table or his white robe.
		-- Stefan Zweigs, Biography of Balzac


Many years ago in a period commonly known as Next Friday Afternoon,
there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he
was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how
completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday ...
		-- Walt Kelly


Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.


CONFUSION:
	One woman plus one left turn.
EXCITEMENT:
	Two women plus one secret.
BEDLAM:
	Three women plus one bargain.
CHAOS:
	Four women plus one luncheon check.


VMS version 2.0 ==>


When the Apple IIc was introduced, the informative copy led off with a couple
of asterisked sentences:

	It weighs less than 8 pounds.*
	And costs less than $1,300.**

In tiny type were these "fuller explanations":

      * Don't asterisks make you suspicious as all get out?  Well, all
	this means is that the IIc alone weights 7.5 pounds. The power
	pack, monitor, an extra disk drive, a printer and several bricks
	will make the IIc weigh more. Our lawyers were concerned that you
	might not be able to figure this out for yourself.

     ** The FTC is concerned about price fixing. You can pay more if
	you really want to.  Or less.
		-- Forbes


I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"


Soldiers who wish to be a hero
Are practically zero,
But those who wish to be civilians,
They run into the millions.


He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


[The members of the Chamberlain government] are decided only to be
undecided, resolved to be irresolute, adamant for drift, all-powerful
for impotency.
		-- Winston Churchill


... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he
was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
		-- Mark Twain


I remember once being on a station platform in Cleveland at four in the
morning.  A black porter was carrying my bags, and as we were waiting for
the train to come in, he said to me: "Excuse me, Mr. Cooke, I don't want to
invade your privacy, but I have a bet with a friend of mine.  Who composed
the opening theme music of `Omnibus'?  My friend said Virgil Thomson."  I
asked him, "What do you say?" He replied, "I say Aaron Copeland." I said,
"You're right."  The porter said, "I knew Thomson doesn't write counterpoint
that way."  I told that to a network president, and he was deeply unimpressed.
		-- Alistair Cooke


And now for something completely the same.


Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.


Revolution, n.:
	In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.
Their tastes may not be the same.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
		-- Oscar Wilde [as he sipped champagne on his deathbed]


Who is W. O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?


The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the
bonds will eventually mature.


Oh, ya doesn't have ta call me "Johnson"!  Well, you can call me "Ray", or
you can call me "Jay", or you can call me "R. J.", or you can call me "Ray
J.", or you can call me "R. J. J.", or you can call me "Ray J. Johnson", or
you can call me "R. J. Johnson", but ya DOESN'T have to call me "Johnson" ...


Bondage, or as the French call it, ligottage, is the gentle art of tying up
your sex partner --- not to overcome reluctance but to boost orgasm.  It's
one unscheduled sex technique which a lot of people find extremely exciting
but are scared to try, and a venerable human resource for increasing sexual
feeling, partly because it's a harmless expression of sexual aggression --
something we badly need, our culture being very uptight about it -- and more
because of its physical affects: slow orgasm when unable to move is a
mind-blowing experience for anyone not too frightened of their own aggressive
self to try it.
		-- The Joy of Sex


We'll have solar energy when the power companies develop a sunbeam meter.


I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[110.13]:
	"When traveling on a one-way street, stay to the right, so as not
	to interfere with oncoming traffic."

[22.17b]:
	"Learning to change lanes takes time and patience.  The best
	recommendation that can be made is to go to a Celtics [basketball]
	game; study the fast break and then go out and practice it
	on the highway."

[41.16]:
	"Never bump a baby carriage out of a crosswalk unless the kid's really
	asking for it."


When Snow White turns on with the dwarfs she probably winds up feeling Dopey.


RULES OF EATING -- THE BRONX DIETER'S CREED
	(1)  Never eat on an empty stomach.
	(2)  Never leave the table hungry.
	(3)  When traveling, never leave a country hungry.
	(4)  Enjoy your food.
	(5)  Enjoy your companion's food.
	(6)  Really taste your food.  It may take several portions to
	     accomplish this, especially if subtly seasoned.
	(7)  Really feel your food.  Texture is important.  Compare,
	     for example, the texture of a turnip to that of a
	     brownie.  Which feels better against your cheeks?
	(8)  Never eat between snacks, unless it's a meal.
	(9)  Don't feel you must finish everything on your plate.  You
	     can always eat it later.
	(10) Avoid any wine with a childproof cap.
	(11) Avoid blue food.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"


Excess on occasion is exhilarating.  It prevents moderation from
acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham


Miss Mona:	You know what burns my ass?
Ed Earl:	What?
Miss Mona:	A flame about three feet high!
		-- Dolly Parton and Burt Reynolds,
		   "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas"


	Carol's head ached as she trailed behind the unsmiling Calibrees
along the block of booths.  She chirruped at Kennicott, "Let's be wild!
Let's ride on the merry-go-round and grab a gold ring!"
	Kennicott considered it, and mumbled to Calibree, "Think you folks
would like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Calibree considered it, and mumbled to his wife, "Think you'd like
to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Mrs. Calibree smiled in a washed-out manner, and sighed, "Oh no,
I don't believe I care to much, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Calibree stated to Kennicott, "No, I don't believe we care to a
whole lot, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Kennicott summarized the whole case against wildness: "Let's try
it some other time, Carrie."
	She gave it up.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Main Street"


	After the Children of Israel had wandered for thirty-nine years in
	the wilderness, Ferdinand Feghoot arrived to make sure that they
would finally find and enter the Promised Land.  With him, he brought his
favorite robot, faithful old Yewtoo Artoo, to carry his gear and do assorted
camp chores.
	The Israelites soon got over their initial fear of the robot and,
	as the months passed, became very fond of him.  Patriarchs took to
discussing abstruse theological problems with him, and each evening the
children all gathered to hear the many stories with which he was programmed.
Therefore it came as a great shock to them when, just as their journey was
ending, he abruptly wore out.  Even Feghoot couldn't console them.
	"It may be true, Ferdinand Feghoot," said Moses, "that our friend
Yewtoo Artoo was soulless, but we cannot believe it.  He must be properly
interred.  We cannot embalm him as do the Egyptians.  Nor have we wood for
a coffin.  But I do have a most splendid skin from one of Pharoah's own
cattle.  We shall bury him in it."
	Feghoot agreed.  "Yes, let this be his last rusting place." "Rusting?"
	Moses cried. "Not in this dreadful dry desert!"
	"Ah!" sighed Ferdinand Feghoot, shedding a tear, "I fear you do not
realize the full significance of Pharoah's oxhide!"
		-- Grendel Briarton "Through Time & Space With Ferdinand
		   Feghoot!"


MOTHER:
	Half a word.


It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.
What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing
thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Every harlot was a virgin once.
		-- William Blake


Everyone is a genius.  It's just that some people are too stupid to
realize it.


Remember folks.  Street lights timed for 35 MPH are also timed for 70 MPH.
		-- Jim Samuels


Once, I read that a man be never stronger
than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"


While farmers generally allow one rooster for ten hens, ten men are
scarcely sufficient to service one woman.
		-- Boccaccio


I'm glad I was not born before tea.
		-- Sidney Smith (1771-1845)


Q:	Why did the epileptic cross the road?
A:	He couldn't help it.

Q:	What do you do if an epileptic has a seizure in the bathtub?
A:	Throw in the dirty clothes and some laundry detergent.


The world is a comedy to those who think,
and a tragedy to those who feel.
		-- Horace Walpole


99 blocks of crud on the disk,
99 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
100 blocks of crud on the disk!

100 blocks of crud on the disk,
100 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
101 blocks of crud on the disk!


Crinklaw's Observation:
	Nowadays the order of life is reversed: Sex is first enjoyed,
	marriage follows, and after marriage comes abstinence.


You are sick, twisted and perverted.
I like that in a person.


I love you, not only for what you are,
but for what I am when I am with you.
		-- Roy Croft


Issawi's Laws of Progress:
	The Course of Progress:
		Most things get steadily worse.
	The Path of Progress:
		A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.


Cunnilingus is next to godliness.


A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.


Justice is incidental to law and order.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


In Tennessee, it is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a
moving automobile.


Go 'way!  You're bothering me!


It's not pretty being easy.


Better dead than mellow.


An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
		-- Spanish proverb


	"You know, it's at times like this when I'm trapped in a Vogon
airlock with a man from Betelgeuse and about to die of asphyxiation in
deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me
when I was young!"
	"Why, what did she tell you?"
	"I don't know, I didn't listen!"
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions.
The surest poison is time.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Society and Solitude"


	"The Good Ship Enterprise" (to the tune of "The Good Ship Lollipop")

On the good ship Enterprise
Every week there's a new surprise
Where the Romulans lurk
And the Klingons often go berserk.

Yes, the good ship Enterprise
There's excitement anywhere it flies
Where Tribbles play
And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.

	See Captain Kirk standing on the bridge,
	Mr. Spock is at his side.
	The weekly menace, ooh-ooh
	It gets fried, scattered far and wide.

It's the good ship Enterprise
Heading out where danger lies
And you live in dread
If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
		-- Doris Robin and Karen Trimble of The L.A. Filkharmonics


Greener's Law:
	Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.


In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks)
are to be treated as variables.


Some men are so macho they'll get you pregnant just to kill a rabbit.
		-- Maureen Murphy


You know you're in trouble when...
1)	Your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you
		follow a group of Hell's Angels on the freeway.
2)	You want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party
		and there aren't any.
3)	Your boss tells you not to bother to take off your coat.
4)	The bird singing outside your window is a buzzard.
5)	You wake up and your braces are locked together.
6)	Your mother approves of the person you're dating.


One Bell System - it works.


The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be
taken seriously.
		-- Hubert H. Humphrey


Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.


However, on religious issues there can be little or no compromise.  There
is no position on which people are so immovable as their religious beliefs.
There is no more powerful ally one can claim in a debate than Jesus Christ,
or God, or Allah, or whatever one calls this supreme being.  But like any
powerful weapon, the use of God's name on one's behalf should be used
sparingly.  The religious factions that are growing throughout our land are
not using their religious clout with wisdom.  They are trying to force
government leaders into following their position 100 percent.  If you disagree
with these religious groups on a particular moral issue, they complain, they
threaten you with a loss of money or votes or both.  I'm frankly sick and
tired of the political preachers across this country telling me as a citizen
that if I want to be a moral person, I must believe in "A," "B," "C," and
"D."  Just who do they think they are?  And from where do they presume to
claim the right to dictate their moral beliefs to me?  And I am even more
angry as a legislator who must endure the threats of every religious group
who thinks it has some God-granted right to control my vote on every roll
call in the Senate.  I am warning them today:  I will fight them every step
of the way if they try to dictate their moral convictions to all Americans
in the name of "conservatism."
		-- Senator Barry Goldwater, Congressional Record


Everything can be filed under "miscellaneous".


Forgive him,
for he believes that the customs of his tribe are the laws of nature!
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me.
And Jimmy has a frontal lobotomy.
Just different ways to kill the pain the same.
But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me,
Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy.
I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
		-- Randy Ansley M.D. (Dr. Rock)


Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"


	"Don't you think what we're doing is wrong?"
	"Of course it's wrong!  It's illegal!"
	"Well, I've never done anything illegal before."
	"... I thought you said you were an accountant."


#define BITCOUNT(x)	(((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255)
#define BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
			     - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333)			\
			     - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))

		-- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word


This guy runs into his house and yells to his wife, "Kathy, pack up your
bags!  I just won the California lottery!"
	"Honey!", Kathy exclaims, "Shall I pack for warm weather or cold?"
	"I don't care," responds the husband. "just so long as you're out
of the house by dinner!"


Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.


SUN Microsystems:
	The Network IS the Load Average.


Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.


My philosophy is: Don't think.
		-- Charles Manson


Are you a turtle?


Bistromathics is simply a revolutionary new way of understanding the
behavior of numbers.  Just as Einstein observed that space was not an
absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in space, and that
time was not an absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in
time, so it is now realized that numbers are not absolute, but depend
on the observer's movement in restaurants.
		-- Douglas Adams, "Life, The Universe and Everything"


Dear Emily:
	I'm having a serious disagreement with somebody on the net. I
tried complaints to his sysadmin, organizing mail campaigns, called for
his removal from the net and phoning his employer to get him fired.
Everybody laughed at me.  What can I do?
		-- A Concerned Citizen

Dear Concerned:
	Go to the daily papers.  Most modern reporters are top-notch computer
experts who will understand the net, and your problems, perfectly.  They
will print careful, reasoned stories without any errors at all, and surely
represent the situation properly to the public.  The public will also all
act wisely, as they are also fully cognizant of the subtle nature of net
society.
	Papers never sensationalize or distort, so be sure to point out things
like racism and sexism wherever they might exist.  Be sure as well that they
understand that all things on the net, particularly insults, are meant
literally.  Link what transpires on the net to the causes of the Holocaust, if
possible.  If regular papers won't take the story, go to a tabloid paper --
they are always interested in good stories.


Not that we needed all that stuff, but when you get locked into a
serious drug collection the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there
is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Your object is to save the world,
while still leading a pleasant life.


To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.


You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.


The Moscow Evening News advertised a contest for the best political joke.
First prize was ten years in prison; second prize, five years; third prize,
three years; and there were six honorable mentions of one year each.


What this department needs is a really good inflatable doll.


If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure
can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly
develop.


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.


Very few modern women either like or desire marriage, especially after the
ceremony has been performed.  Primarily women wish attention and affection.
Matrimony is something they accept when there is no alternative.  Really,
it is a waste of time, and hazardous, to marry them.  It leaves one open
to a rival.  Husbands, good or bad, always have rivals.  Lovers, never.
		-- Helen Lawrenson, "Esquire"


I have often looked at women and committed adultery in my heart.
		-- Jimmy Carter


	A white man was traveling with Indian (American) out West.  The
Indian stops, puts his ear to the ground, and says, "Buffalo come."
	The white man looks around in all directions, sees nothing for
miles and asks the Indian how the hell he knows that.
	Replies the Indian, "Ear wet."
		-- Lily Tomlin, "The Search for Signs of Intelligent
		   Life in the Universe"


Say!  You've struck a heap of trouble--
Bust in business, lost your wife;
No one cares a cent about you,
You don't care a cent for life;
Hard luck has of hope bereft you,
Health is failing, wish you'd die--
Why, you've still the sunshine left you
And the big blue sky.
		-- R. W. Service


Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin
with, that it's compounding a felony.
		-- Robert Benchley


Always there remain portions of our heart
into which no one is able to enter, invite them as we may.


Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain


Two rights don't make a wrong, they make an airplane.


I am a friend of the working man, and I would rather be his friend
than be one.
		-- Clarence Darrow


Gold's Law:
	If the shoe fits, it's ugly.


	"Hey, Sam, how about a loan?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"Oh, about $500."
	"Whattaya got for collateral?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"How about an eye?"
		-- Sam Giancana


A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
		-- Gloria Steinem


I have a dream.  I have a dream that one day, on the red hills of Georgia,
the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slaveowners will be able to
sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers.  There is, indeed, no wild beast
more to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate.
If you are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if
brusque, your character.
		-- Jonathan Swift


There is brutality and there is honesty.
There is no such thing as brutal honesty.


System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.


Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.


If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage.


Can't open /usr/games/fortunes.  Lid stuck on cookie jar.


Dry fucking: that's man on top of woman, the action is the same as fucking,
but you're dressed.  It's great for the girl... you're hitting and rubbing
exactly the area that you ought to be... I still like that.
		-- Grace Slick


All phone calls are obscene.
		-- Karen Elizabeth Gordon


Come up and see me sometime.  Come Wednesday, that's amateur night.
		-- Mae West


The average woman must inevitably view her actual husband with a certain
disdain; he is anything but her ideal.  In consequence, she cannot help
feeling that her children are cruelly handicapped by the fact that he is
their father.
		-- H. L. Mencken


The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
		-- [just say that five times...]


	The defense attorney was hammering away at the plaintiff: "You
claim," he jeered, "that my client came at you with a broken bottle in
his hand.  But is it not true, that you had something in YOUR hand?"

	"Yes," he admitted, "his wife.  Very charming, of course, but
not much good in a fight."


Tip the world over on its side and
everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright


Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.


It is impossible to make anything
foolproof because fools are so ingenious.


QOTD:
	"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."


Tip O'Neill is just like Congress; old, fat and out of control.
		-- J. LeBoutillier


Lucas is the source of many of the components of the legendarily reliable
British automotive electrical systems.  Professionals call the company "The
Prince of Darkness".  Of course, if Lucas were to design and manufacture
nuclear weapons, World War III would never get off the ground.  The British
don't like warm beer any more than the Americans do.  The British drink warm
beer because they have Lucas refrigerators.


Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.


The days are all empty and the nights are unreal.


As to Jesus of Nazareth... I think the system of Morals and his Religion,
as he left them to us, the best the World ever saw or is likely to see;
but I apprehend it has received various corrupting Changes, and I have,
with most of the present Dissenters in England, some doubts as to his
divinity.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Weiner's Law of Libraries:
	There are no answers, only cross references.


Hark, the Herald Tribune sings,
Advertising wondrous things.
		-- Tom Lehrer


Charlie was a chemist,
But Charlie is no more.
What Charlie thought was H2O was H2SO4.


There is no security on this earth.  There is only opportunity.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur


Suddenly, Professor Liebowitz realizes he has come to the seminar
without his duck ...


By the time you swear you're his,
shivering and sighing
and he vows his passion is
infinite, undying --
Lady, make a note of this:
One of you is lying.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Unfortunate Coincidence"


There's a tendency today to absolve individuals from moral responsibility and
treat them as victims of social circumstance.  You buy that, you pay with your
soul.  It's not men who limit women, it's not straights who limit gays, it's
not whites who limit blacks.  What limits people is lack of character.  What
limits people is that they don't have the fucking nerve or imagination to star
in their own movie, let alone direct it.
		-- Bernard Mickey Wrangle


Recent research has tended to show that the Abominable No-Man
is being replaced by the Prohibitive Procrastinator.
		-- C. N. Parkinson


He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
		-- Sinbad


The genital area of Ann
Will accommodate any size man,
	From the wee that cause titters
	To the mighty twat-splitters
That cause screams peasants hear in Japan.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(11) Neither the United States, nor anyone else, "imposes" freedom on
     the people of other nations. Freedom is not an imposition.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.


A beautiful, voluptuous woman goes to see a gynecologist.  The doctor takes
one look at this woman and his professionalism is a thing of the past.  Right
away he tells her to undress.  After she has disrobed he begins to stroke her
thigh.  As he does this he says to the woman, "Do you know what I'm doing?"
	"Yes," she says, "you're checking for any abrasions or dermatological
abnormalities."
	"Correct," says the doctor.  He then begins to fondle her breasts.
"Do you know what I'm doing now?" he says.
	"Yes," says the woman, "you're checking for any lumps or breast
cancer."
	"That's right," replies the doctor.  He then gradually proceeds to
having sexual intercourse with her.  "Do you know," he pants, "what I'm doing
now?"
	"Yes," she says.  "You're getting herpes."


To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


