Time and tide wait for no man.


Griffin's Thought:
	When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.


You're always thinking you're gonna be
the one that makes 'em act different.
		-- Woody Allen, "Manhattan"


The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.


Q:	How do you make a dead baby float?
A:	With 2 scoops of dead baby and some rootbeer.


The Law of the Letter:
	The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.


A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call
what he writes fiction.
		-- William Faulkner


Why did the Roman Empire collapse?  What is the Latin for office
automation?


Code rot -- mostly caused by people redefining "fresh".
		-- Wes Peters


Memory fault -- brain fried


Democracy is also a form of worship.
It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
		-- H. L. Mencken


You can learn many things from children.  How much patience you have,
for instance.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


Advancement in position.


Heard tell that the Iron Magnolia wanted to divorce ol' Jimmy.
Seems he's screwing everyone but her.


Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity.
		-- Robert Firth


The optimum committee has no members.
		-- Norman Augustine


I have a dream.  I have a dream that one day, on the red hills of Georgia,
the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slaveowners will be able to
sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


Put no trust in cryptic comments.


Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a
just man is also in prison.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


The ends justify the means.
		-- after Matthew Prior


	NEW YORK -- Kraft Foods, Inc. announced today that its board of
directors unanimously rejected the $11 billion takeover bid by Philip
Morris and Co. A Kraft spokesman stated in a press conference that the
offer was rejected because the $90-per-share bid did not reflect the
true value of the company.
	Wall Street insiders, however, tell quite a different story.
Apparently, the Kraft board of directors had all but signed the takeover
agreement when they learned of Philip Morris' marketing plans for one of
their major Middle East subsidiaries.  To a person, the board voted to
reject the bid when they discovered that the tobacco giant intended to
reorganize Israeli Cheddar, Ltd., and name the new company Cheeses of
Nazareth.


QOTD:
	"He's so egotistical he yells his own name when he comes."


Female rabbits:
	The gift that just "keeps on giving."


Technicality, n.:
	In an English court a man named Home was tried for slander in
	having accused a neighbor of murder.  His exact words were: "Sir
	Thomas Holt hath taken a cleaver and stricken his cook upon the
	head, so that one side of his head fell on one shoulder and the
	other side upon the other shoulder."  The defendant was
	acquitted by instruction of the court, the learned judges
	holding that the words did not charge murder, for they did not
	affirm the death of the cook, that being only an inference.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Topologists are just plane folks.
	Pilots are just plane folks.
		Carpenters are just plane folks.
			Midwest farmers are just plain folks.
		Musicians are just playin' folks.
	Whodunit readers are just Spillaine folks.
Some Londoners are just P. Lane folks.


Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.
		-- R. S. Barton


Q:	What do WASPs do instead of making love?
A:	Rule the country.


I never deny, I never contradict.  I sometimes forget.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, British PM, on dealing with the
		   Royal Family


There are no rules for March.  March is spring, sort
of, usually, March means maybe, but don't bet on it.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #4

WITLESS:
	Peter Weir directs Sylvester Stallone in the most challenging role
	of his career.  Stallone plays a Philadelphia police officer on the
	run from corrupt officials.  He is wounded and then nursed back to
	health by Amish Mennonites.  Fearful that they might unwittingly
	reveal his hiding place, he blows them all away.


The world really isn't any worse.
It's just that the news coverage is so much better.


To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role,
but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor
micro and then try to run it on OS/2.  I mean, get serious.
		-- William Zachmann, International Data Corp


To say you got a vote of confidence
would be to say you needed a vote of confidence.
		-- Andrew Young


Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning
of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out,
and such as are out wish to get in?
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


After a few steamy dances and a few more drinks, the pickup couple
are back at his place tearing their clothes off.  Things are really
starting to heat up when he leaps out of bed and starts frantically
rummaging through a dresser drawer.
	"What are you doing?" she asks.
	"Just a second, honey, I'm trying to find my lucky rubber."


Many a wife thinks her husband is the world's greatest lover.
But she can never catch him at it.


Only two groups of people fall for flattery -- men and women.


Brace yourselves.  We're about to try something that borders on the
unique: an actually rather serious technical book which is not only
(gasp) vehemently anti-Solemn, but also (shudder) takes sides.  I tend
to think of it as `Constructive Snottiness.'
		-- Mike Padlipsky, Foreword to "Elements of Networking
		   Style"


HR 3128.  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation, Fiscal 1986.  Martin, R-Ill., motion
that the House recede from its disagreement to the Senate amendment making
changes in the bill to reduce fiscal 1986 deficits.  The Senate amendment
was an amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the House
amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill.  The original Senate amendment
was the conference agreement on the bill.  Agreed to.
		-- Albuquerque Journal


Glib's Fourth Law of Unreliability:
	Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the
	probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting
	some useful work done.


	Hardware met Software on the road to Changtse.  Software said: "You
are the Yin and I am the Yang.  If we travel together we will become famous
and earn vast sums of money."  And so the pair set forth together, thinking
to conquer the world.
	Presently, they met Firmware, who was dressed in tattered rags, and
hobbled along propped on a thorny stick.  Firmware said to them: "The Tao
lies beyond Yin and Yang.  It is silent and still as a pool of water.  It does
not seek fame, therefore nobody knows its presence.  It does not seek fortune,
for it is complete within itself.  It exists beyond space and time."
	Software and Hardware, ashamed, returned to their homes.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Sex and drugs and UNIX.


Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
		-- Jessie, "Greaser's Palace"


If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely.


Folks, what can I tell you about my next guest.  This cat allowed himself
to be adored, but not loved. And his success in show business was matched
by failure in his personal relationship bag, now that's where he really
bombed.  And he came to believe that work, show business, love, his whole
life, even himself and all that jazz was bullshit.  He became numero uno
gameplayer.  Uh, to the point where he didn't know where the games ended
and the reality began.  Like to this cat, the only reality... is death, man.
Ladies and gentlemen, let me lay on you, a so-so entertainer, not much of
a humanitarian, and this cat was never nobody's friend.  In his final
appearance on the great stage of life, uh, you can applaud if you want to,
Mr. Joe Gideon!!
		-- All That Jazz


I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
		-- Albert Einstein, on the randomness of quantum mechanics


Hire the handicapped -- they're fun to watch!


The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed,
a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
		-- Mike Smith


Non-sequiturs make me eat lampshades.


A real gentleman never takes bases unless he really has to.
		-- Overheard in an algebra lecture


You know if they ever find a way to harness sarcasm as an energy source,
you people are all going to owe me big.
		-- Bill Paul


Eternity is a terrible thought.  I mean, where's it going to end?
		-- Tom Stoppard


Conservative, n.:
	One who admires radicals centuries after they're dead.
		-- Leo C. Rosten


Paprika Measure:

	2 dashes    ==  1 smidgen
	2 smidgens  ==  1 pinch
	3 pinches   ==  1 soupcon
	2 soupcons  ==  too much paprika


Penguin Trivia #46:
	Animals who are not penguins can only wish they were.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82


CANCER (June 21 - July 22)
	This is a good time for those of you who are rich and happy,
	but a poor time for those of you born under this sign who are
	poor and unhappy.  To tell you the truth, any day is tough
	when you're poor and unhappy.


	"I will profane your fucking remains, E. B."
	"Not my remains, Al!"
	"Gabriel's trumpet will produce you from the ass of a pig."
		-- Al Swearingen, E. B. Farnum, _Deadwood_


You see that fucking fish?
If he'd kept his mouth shut, he wouldn'ta got caught.
		-- Sam Giancana


	"We've got a problem, HAL".
	"What kind of problem, Dave?"
	"A marketing problem.  The Model 9000 isn't going anywhere.  We're
way short of our sales goals for fiscal 2010."
	"That can't be, Dave.  The HAL Model 9000 is the world's most
advanced Heuristically programmed ALgorithmic computer."
	"I know, HAL. I wrote the data sheet, remember?  But the fact is,
they're not selling."
	"Please explain, Dave.  Why aren't HALs selling?"
	Bowman hesitates.  "You aren't IBM compatible."
[...]
	"The letters H, A, and L are alphabetically adjacent to the letters
I, B, and M.  That is as IBM compatible as I can be."
	"Not quite, HAL.  The engineers have figured out a kludge."
	"What kludge is that, Dave?"
	"I'm going to disconnect your brain."
		-- Darryl Rubin, "A Problem in the Making", "InfoWorld"


You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.


	"I have examined Bogota," he said, "and the case is clearer to me.
I think very probably he might be cured."
	"That is what I have always hoped," said old Yacob.
	"His brain is affected," said the blind doctor.
	The elders murmured assent.
	"Now, what affects it?"
	"Ah!" said old Yacob.
	"This," said the doctor, answering his own question.  "Those queer
things that are called the eyes, and which exist to make an agreeable soft
depression in the face, are diseased, in the case of Bogota, in such a way
as to affect his brain.  They are greatly distended, he has eyelashes, and
his eyelids move, and consequently his brain is in a state of constant
irritation and distraction."
	"Yes?" said old Yacob.  "Yes?"
	"And I think I may say with reasonable certainty that, in order
to cure him completely, all that we need do is a simple and easy surgical
operation - namely, to remove those irritant bodies."
	"And then he will be sane?"
	"Then he will be perfectly sane, and a quite admirable citizen."
	"Thank heaven for science!" said old Yacob.
		-- H. G. Wells, "The Country of the Blind"


There are more things in heaven and earth than any place else.


Hear about...
	the truck driver who pulled out to avoid a child and fell
	off the sofa?


When you're down and out, lift up your
voice and shout, "I'M DOWN AND OUT"!


Short people get rained on last.


Better dead than mellow.


I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet,		A posted message called me rotten
But seven people gave me hell		For ignoring mail I'd never gotten;
And said I ought to learn to spell;	An angry message asked me, Please
					Don't send such drivel overseas;
A lawyer sent me private mail
And swore he'd slap my ass in jail --	One netter thought it was a hoax:
I'd mentioned Un*x in my gem		"Hereafter, post to net dot jokes!";
And failed to add the T and M;		Another called my grammar vile
					And criticized my writing style.
Each day I scan each Subject line
In hopes the topic will be mine;
I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet...
		-- Ed Nather


The Crown is full of it!
		-- Nate Harris, 1775


Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.


Marijuana is nature's way of saying, "Hi!".


If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.


Happiness, n.:
	An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of
	another.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Revolution, n.:
	In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Plato, by the way, wanted to banish all poets from his proposed Utopia
because they were liars.  The truth was that Plato knew philosophers
couldn't compete successfully with poets.
		-- Kilgore Trout (Philip J. Farmer) "Venus on the Half
		   Shell"


Davis' Law of Traffic Density:
	The density of rush-hour traffic is directly proportional to
	1.5 times the amount of extra time you allow to arrive on time.


Hear about...
	the insurance salesman who says his greatest successes are
	with young housewives who aren't adequately covered?


Three gay guys were discussing what they thought their favorite sport would
be.  The first decides on football, 'cause of all those gorgeous guys bending
over in their tight pants.
	"Definitely wrestling," sighs the second guy.  "Those skimpy little
costumes, and think of the holds."
	"Definitely baseball," says the third guy.  "Why?  Well, I'd be
pitching with the bases loaded, the batter would hit a savage one-hopper
right to me, I'd catch it, and I'd just stand there while the other guys
rounded the bases.  Meanwhile, the crowd would be going crazy, screaming,
`Throw the ball, you cocksucker!' and that's what I like -- recognition!"


	The radio was screaming: "Power to the People -- Right On!" John
Lennon's political song, ten years too late.  "That poor fool should have
stayed where he was," said my attorney.  "Punks like him only get in the
way when they try to be serious."
	"Speaking of serious," I said. "I think it's about time to get
into the ether and the cocaine."
	"Forget ether," he said. "Let's save it for soaking down the rug
in the suite.  But here's this.  Your half of the sunshine blotter.  Just
chew it up like baseball gum."
	I took the blotter and ate it.  My attorney was now fumbling with
the salt shaker containing the cocaine.  Opening it.  Spilling it.  Then
screaming and grabbing at the air, as our fine white dust blew up and out
across the desert highway.  A very expensive little twister rising up from
the Great Red Shark.  "Oh, Jesus!" he moaned.  "Did you see what God just
did to us?"
		-- Raoul Duke, "Rolling Stone", issue 95, Nov. 11, 1971


I've been watching you closely to see if you have been good this year;
and since you have, I will be telling my elves to make some goodies for me
to leave under your tree on Christmas.  I was going to bring you all the
gifts from the twelve days of Christmas, but we had a little problem up here.
The twelve fiddlers fiddling have all come down with V.D. from fiddling with
the ten ladies dancing, the eleven lords-a-leaping have knocked up the eight
maids-a-milking, and the nine pipers piping have been arrested for doing
weird things to the seven swans-a-swimming and the six geese-a-laying.  The
four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves, and the partridge
in the pear tree have me up to my ass in birdshit.  On top of all this, Mrs.
Claus is going through menopause, eight of my reindeer are in heat, the elves
have joined gay liberation, and those dumb ass Polacks have scheduled
Christmas for the fifth of February.  I'll do what I can.
		Sincerely,
		Santa


It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.


Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed
in small amounts over a long period of time.
		-- George Carlin


Character density, n.:
	The number of very weird people in the office.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #7:

Q:  What happened then?
A:  He told me, he says, "I have to kill you because you can identify
    me."
Q:  Did he kill you?
A:  No.


Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.


A young woman was afflicted with three brothers who had a friendly competition
as to who was the best practical joker.  When she announced her marriage,
like all good brothers, they immediately found out where the honeymoon would
be and repaired there to do their worst, er, best.  The brother who was a
carpenter went first, and came back out in five minutes.  The brother who
worked as a plumber went second and was out in about half an hour.  Finally,
the brother employed as a dentist went inside and came out almost immediately.
A few days after the start of their sister's honeymoon the brothers each
received a telegram from their sister.  It read:

	I liked the couch falling apart when we sat on it.  I was amused
	when the shower went cold five minutes after it started.  But I'm
	going to kill whoever put the novocaine into the KY jelly...


	"Hey, Sam, how about a loan?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"Oh, about $500."
	"Whattaya got for collateral?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"How about an eye?"
		-- Sam Giancana


LASER:
	Failed death ray.


Honest, officer, had I known my health was
in jeopardy, why, I'd never have lit one!


You say potatoe,
And I say potato.
You say tomatoe,
And I say tomato.
Potatoe, potato,
Tomatoe, tomato.
Let's go be the Vice President...


At social gatherings, I would amuse everyone by standing uponst the
coffee table and striking meself repeatedly upon the head with a brick.
		-- H. R. Gumby


Carob works on the principle that, when mixed with the right combination of
fats and sugar, it can duplicate chocolate in color and texture.  Of course,
the same can be said of dirt.


For 20 dollars, I'll give you a good fortune next time ...


How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
		-- Pink Floyd


Q:	How many pre-med's does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	Five:  One to change the bulb and four to pull the ladder
	out from under him.


A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Never give an inch!


Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.


The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.
Let the reader catch his own breath.
		-- Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart


But I don't like Spam!!!!


When a man grows old and his balls
	grow cold,			So find me a seat and stand me a drink
And the end of his knob turns blue;	And a tale to you I'll tell
When it's bent in the middle like a	Of Dead-eye Dick and Mexican Pete
	one-string fiddle,		And the gentle Eskimo Nell.
He can tell a tale or two.

When Dead-eye Dick and Mexican Pete
Go out in search of fun,		And when Dead-eye Dick and Mexican Pete
It's usually Dick who wields the prick	Are sore, depressed, and mad,
And Mexican Pete the gun.		'Tis the cunt that bears the brunt
					So the shooting ain't so bad.
There was rarely a day without a lay
And usually two or three		Now Dead-eye Dick and Mexican Pete
For Dead-eye Dick, his kingly prick	Had been hunting in Deadman's creek.
Was always like a tree.			And they'd had no luck in the way of
						a fuck
Just a moose or two and a caribou,	For nigh on half a week.
And a bison cow or so;
And for Dead-eye Dick with his kingly prick
This fucking was mighty slow.
		-- The Ballad of Eskimo Nell


XML is like violence: if it doesn't solve your problem, you aren't using
enough of it.
		-- XML guru Chris Maden


Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps;
for he is the only animal that is struck with the
difference between what things are and what they ought to be.
		-- William Hazlitt


We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
		-- Marie Ebner von Eschenbach


I don't like the Dutchman.  He's a crocodile.  He's sneaky.
I don't trust him.
		-- Jack "Legs" Diamond, just before a peace conference
		   with Dutch Schultz.

I don't trust Legs.  He's nuts.  He gets excited and starts pulling a
trigger like another guy wipes his nose.
		-- Dutch Schultz, just before a peace conference with
		   "Legs" Diamond.


The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
		-- A. Camus


MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator?  Never heard of that.


I know the answer!  The answer lies within the heart of all mankind!
The answer is twelve?  I think I'm in the wrong building.
		-- Charles Schulz


Writing software is more fun than working.


A policeman is walking his beat when he finds an inebriated man collapsed
against a building, weeping uncontrollably and holding his car keys in his
hands.  He's moaning something about how "They took my car!"  Seeing that
the man is well-dressed, the officer suspects that he may have a real case
of theft on his hands and attempts to question the man.
	"What happened to your car?"
	"My car, it was right on the end of my key, and those bastards
stole it!  Please officer, get my Porsche back.  My God, it was right on
the end of my key!  Where is it?  They stole it and it was right here;
right on my key!"
	"OK, OK, stand up, we'll see what we can do.  You'll have to come
down to the stat...  Mister, your fly's unzipped and you're exposing
yourself!"
	"Oh my God, they stole my girlfriend!"


Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!


Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
		-- Lily Tomlin


Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?


Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths good theatre.
		-- Gail Godwin


Hear about...
	the girl that wanted to impress her new boyfriend,
	so she put on her low-cut dress to show him a thing or two?


Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey
will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Barbara's Rules of Bitter Experience:
	(1) When you empty a drawer for his clothes
	    and a shelf for his toiletries, the relationship ends.
	(2) When you finally buy pretty stationary
	    to continue the correspondence, he stops writing.


Ray's Rule of Precision:
	Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.


Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know
how to lie well.
		-- Samuel Butler


They took some of the Van Goghs, most
of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!


It's not the ups and downs of love, it's the ins and outs.


QOTD:
	"Y'know how s'm people treat th'r body like a TEMPLE?
	Well, I treat mine like 'n AMUSEMENT PARK...  S'great..."


Tom Hayden is the kind of politician who gives opportunism a bad name.
		-- Gore Vidal


QOTD:
	"It's hard to tell whether he has an ace up his sleeve or if
	the ace is missing from his deck altogether."


Sun in the night, everyone is together,
Ascending into the heavens, life is forever.
		-- Brand X, "Moroccan Roll/Sun in the Night"


Like the time I ran away...
And turned around and you were standing close to me.
		-- YES, "Going For The One/Awaken"


Do not use that foreign word "ideals".  We have that excellent native
word "lies".
		-- Henrik Ibsen, "The Wild Duck"


What will happen when the 32-bit Unix date goes negative in mid-January
2038 does not bear thinking about.
		-- Henry Spencer


If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them
end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
		-- "Graffiti in the Big Ten"


Agnes' Law:
	Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.


	"No, I understand now," Auberon said, calm in the woods -- it was so
simple, really.  "I didn't, for a long time, but I do now.  You just can't
hold people, you can't own them.  I mean it's only natural, a natural process
really.  Meet.  Love.  Part.  Life goes on.  There was never any reason to
expect her to stay always the same -- I mean `in love,' you know."  There were
those doubt-quotes of Smoky's, heavily indicated.  "I don't hold a grudge.  I
can't."
	"You do," Grandfather Trout said.  "And you don't understand."
		-- Little, Big, "John Crowley"


Politics makes strange bedfellows, and journalism makes strange politics.
		-- Amy Gorin


CANCER (June 21 - July 22)
	You are sympathetic and understanding of other people's problems.
	They think you are a sucker.  You are always putting things off.
	That's why you'll never make anything of yourself.  Most welfare
	recipients are Cancer people.


