So much food, and so little time!


	He who receives ideas from me, receives instruction himself without
lessening mine; as he who lights his taper at mine receives light
without darkening me.
		-- Thomas Jefferson on patents on ideas


An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


As for Carter being for registration but against the draft, isn't that
sort of being like for putting it in and not taking it out?  Even if it
was possible not to follow through, you'd still be getting screwed.


Knocked, you weren't in.
		-- Opportunity


Wit, n.:
	The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery...
	by leaving it out.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Come along and sing a song and join our family.
B & D
S & M
Post to A.S.B.!
Rope and leather, cuffs and cats, and toys from JTT.
B & D
S & M
Post to A.S.B.!
A.S.B.!
	(A.S.B.!)
A.S.B.!
	(A.S.B.!)
Come on now, let's try another tie!
	(Tie! Tie! Tie!)
All the kinky folks are here, and some on IRC.
B & D
S & M
Post on A.S.B.!
		-- To the Mickey Mouse March


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	To see his friend Gregory peck.

Q:	Why did the chicken cross the playground?
A:	To get to the other slide.


This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
Not with a bang but with a whimper.
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"


Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
		-- Sophia Loren


When in panic, fear and doubt,
Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.


So now
that you have-

you know, whoever

you're trying
to do

a favor
for

-you've done it-

and I'm sure
you had

a smirk
on your mouth

as you got me
into this.
		-- "To Linda", from The Poetry Of H. Ross Perot,
		   composed for Linda Wertheimer of National Public
		   Radio.  From SPY Magazine, November 1992


Two Russian friends happen to meet in Red Square.  One of them says, "By
the way, did you hear that Romanov died?"
	"No," replied the other, "I didn't even know he'd been arrested!"


Uncle Sam comes off as the perverted relative who'll offer you a
bit of candy, but if you won't bend over for him, you get a beating.


At the hospital, a doctor is training an intern on how to announce bad news
to the patients.  The doctor tells the intern "This man in 305 is going to
die in six months.  Go in and tell him."  The intern boldly walks into the
room, over to the man's bedside and tells him "Seems like you're gonna die!"
The man has a heart attack and is rushed into surgery on the spot.  The doctor
grabs the intern and screams at him, "What!?!? are you some kind of moron?
You've got to take it easy, work your way up to the subject.  Now this man in
213 has about a week to live.  Go in and tell him, but, gently, you hear me,
gently!"
	The intern goes softly into the room, humming to himself, cheerily
opens the drapes to let the sun in, walks over to the man's bedside, fluffs
his pillow and wishes him a "Good morning!"  "Wonderful day, no?  Say...
guess who's going to die soon!"


Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
		-- Aldous Huxley


Priority:
	A statement of the importance of a user or a program.  Often
	expressed as a relative priority, indicating that the user doesn't
	care when the work is completed so long as he is treated less
	badly than someone else.


Recently deceased blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan "comes to" after
his death.  He sees Jimi Hendrix sitting next to him, tuning his guitar.
"Holy cow," he thinks to himself, "this guy is my idol."  Over at the
microphone, about to sing, are Jim Morrison and Janis Joplin, and the
bassist is the late Barry Oakley of the Allman Brothers.  So Stevie
Ray's thinking, "Oh, wow!  I've died and gone to rock and roll heaven."
Just then, Karen Carpenter walks in, sits down at the drums, and says:
"'Close to You'.  Hit it, boys!"
		-- Told by Penn Jillette, of magic/comedy duo Penn and Teller


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


I know it all.  I just can't remember it all at once.


Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the
way before it is understood.


Blame Saint Andreas -- it's all his fault.


Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Dirksen's Three Laws of Politics:

	1: Get elected.
	2: Get re-elected.
	3: Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Sen. Everett Dirksen


The difference between a misfortune and a calamity?  If Gladstone fell into
the Thames, it would be a misfortune.  But if someone dragged him out again,
it would be a calamity.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


Q:	How can we get the Beatles to reunite for one more concert?
A:	With three more bullets.


This planet has -- or rather had -- a problem, which was this:  most of
the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time.  Many
solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were
largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper,
which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of
paper that were unhappy.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


During the darkest days of World War II, when each night brought waves of
Luftwaffe bombers raining death and destruction on a near-defenseless London,
Prime Minister Churchill went on the air to address the British people.  "I
read this morning's paper that Herr Hitler plans to wring England's neck like
that of a chicken," he began, "and I was reminded of what the Irish poacher
said as he stood on the gallows.  It seems the poor fellow was approached by a
well-meaning if somewhat overzealous priest who, in horrific detail, described
the unfading torments of Hades which awaited him if he did not repent of his
misdeeds. The condemned man listened patiently to all that the priest had to
say, and when he was done, grinned broadly and replied, 'Eat it raw, fuzz
nuts.'"
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Moon, n.:
	1. A celestial object whose phase is very important to
hackers.  See PHASE OF THE MOON.  2. Dave Moon (MOON@MC).


Juall's Law on Nice Guys:
	Nice guys don't always finish last; sometimes they don't finish.
	Sometimes they don't even get a chance to start!


QOTD:
	"Let go of my ears, I know what I'm doing!"


And so it goes.  It is humiliating, when you should know better, to become
victim of the timeless story of the little brown dog running across the
freight yard, crossing all the railroad tracks until a switch engine nipped
off the end of his tail between wheel and rail.  The little dog yelped, and
he spun so quickly to check himself out that the next wheel chopped through
his little brown neck.  The moral is, of course, never lose your head over
a piece of tail.
		-- John D. MacDonald, "The Scarlet Ruse"


Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.


Learning French is trivial: the word for horse is cheval, and
everything else follows in the same way.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who
comes to visit.


To be successful, a woman must do her job ten times
as well as a man.  Fortunately, this is not difficult.


	In the beginning there was data.  The data was without form and
null, and darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of
IBM was moving over the face of the market.  And DEC said, "Let there
be registers"; and there were registers.  And DEC saw that they
carried; and DEC separated the data from the instructions.  DEC called
the data Stack, and the instructions they called Code.  And there was
evening and there was morning, one interrupt.
		-- Rico Tudor, "The Story of Creation or, The Myth of Urk"


Ever since prehistoric times, wise men have tried to understand what,
exactly, make people laugh.  That's why they were called "wise men."
All the other prehistoric people were out puncturing each other with
spears, and the wise men were back in the cave saying: "How about:
Would you please take my wife?  No.  How about: Here is my wife, please
take her right now.  No.  How about:  Would you like to take something?
My wife is available.  No.  How about ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"


Hear about...
	the guy who couldn't find his way to the orgy?  Just kind of lost
	his ball bearings.


Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it.
		-- Mark Twain


Republicans tend to keep their shades drawn, although there is seldom
any reason why they should.  Democrats ought to, but don't.


Gnagloot, n.:
	A person who leaves all his ski passes on his jacket just to
	impress people.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


There once was a Sailor who looked through a glass
And spied a fair mermaid with scales on her... island.
Where seagulls flew over their nest.
She combed the long hair which hung over her... shoulders.
And caused her to tickle and itch.
The sailor cried out "There's a beautiful... mermaid.
A sittin' out there on the rocks."
The crew came a running, all grabbing their... glasses.
And crowded four deep to the rail.
All eager to share in this fine piece of... news.
...
"Throw out a line and we'll lasso her... flippers.
And soon we will certainly find
If mermaids are better before or be... brave
My dear fellows," The captain cried out.
And cursing with spleen.
This song may be dull, but it's certainly clean.
		-- "The Clean Song", Oscar Brandt


Life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line.


Mos Eisley Spaceport; you'll not find a more
wretched collection of villainy and disreputable types...
		-- Obi-wan Kenobi, "Star Wars"


A young New York housewife was shocked by some of the language used by her
daughter.  When asked about it, the daughter said she had learned it from
a small girl she played with in the park.  The next day, the mother sought
out the little girl as she played in the park.  "Are you the little girl
who uses bad words?"
	"Who told you?"
	"A little bird," answered the mother.
	"Well, I like that!" exclaimed the small girl.  "And I've been
feeding the little bastards, too!"


The strong give up and move on, while the weak give up and stay.


You can't take it with you --
especially when crossing a state line.


NO OPIUM-SMOKING IN THE ELEVATORS
		-- sign in the Rand Hotel, New York, 1907


Nolo contendere:
	A legal term meaning: "I didn't do it, judge, and I'll never do
	it again."


So, you better watch out!
You better not cry!
You better not pout!
I'm telling you why,
Santa Claus is coming, to town.

He knows when you've been sleeping,
He know when you're awake.
He knows if you've been bad or good,
He has ties with the CIA.
So...


LIBERAL:
	Someone too poor to be a capitalist and too rich to be a communist.


To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.


The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence,
and the second the triumph of hope over experience.


	Well, he thought, since neither Aristotelian Logic nor the disciplines
of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them...
	Drawing a few deep even breaths, he entered a mental state practiced
only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen.  In it his mind floated freely,
able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed,
undistracted by any outside disturbances.  Logical structures no longer
inhibited him. Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished.
All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important,
became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships
not evident to ordinary vision.  Like beads strung on a string of their own
meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by
all.  Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming
all others.  And Mind no longer contemplated Problem, but became Problem,
destroying Subject-Object by becoming them.
	Time passed, unheeded.
	Eventually, there was a tentative stirring, then a decisive one, and
Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
		-- Wayfarer


	"Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?"
	"Piece of cake, Master?  Radial slice of baked confection ...
coefficient of relevance to Key of Time: zero."
		-- "Doctor Who"


I appreciate the fact that this draft was done in haste, but some of the
sentences that you are sending out in the world to do your work for you are
loitering in taverns or asleep beside the highway.
		-- Dr. Dwight Van de Vate, Professor of Philosophy,
		   University of Tennessee at Knoxville


Marijuana is nature's way of saying, "Hi!".


The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
		-- Wavy Gravy


Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.


Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?
		-- P. J. Plauger


If at first you fricassee, fry, fry again.


Was there a time when dancers with their fiddles
In children's circuses could stay their troubles?
There was a time they could cry over books,
But time has set its maggot on their track.
Under the arc of the sky they are unsafe.
What's never known is safest in this life.
Under the skysigns they who have no arms
Have cleanest hands, and, as the heartless ghost
Alone's unhurt, so the blind man sees best.
		-- Dylan Thomas, "Was There A Time"


Be prepared to accept sacrifices.
Vestal virgins aren't all that bad.


His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god.  He preferred
to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.  He never
claimed to be a god.  But then, he never claimed not to be a god.  Circum-
stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Silence, though, could.  It was in the days of the rains that their prayers
went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of
prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri,
goddess of the Night.  The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through
the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the
Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze
rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday.
Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique...
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"


Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
		-- Jerome K. Jerome


Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
		-- Wernher von Braun


Which of the following doesn't belong?
	a. meat
	b. eggs
	c. drum
	d. blowjob.

Answer:
	d:  A blowjob, because you can beat your meat, your eggs,
	    or your drum, but you just can't beat a blowjob.


The boys in the Epperson family all acquired fine educations except for Edward.
They made him go to school, but most of the time he just ignored what was said
there.  Yet there were rare moments when he could display a bit of curiosity.
	One day Edward was sitting at home looking at a magazine, and he said
to his brilliant older brother, Hud, he said, "Hud, what does fox pass mean?"
	Brother Hud gave the question some deep consideration and then said,
"You must mean _faux_pas_."
	"The way it's spelled," said dumb Ed, "it's fox pass."
	Hud took a look at the way it was spelled and then said, "It's a French
phrase -- it means a social blunder.  Remember last Sunday when the Bishop came
for dinner?  Mother took him out in the garden and they were looking over the
roses when the Bishop got stuck on the thumb by a thorn.  It was bleeding quite
a bit so Mother brought him in the house.  They went into the bathroom together
and stayed quite a while, and when they came out we all went to the dinner
table.  Remember all that, Ed?"
	"Yeh."
	"Now," Hud continued, "you recall that I was just getting to pass
the gravy when Mother said, 'Bishop, does your prick still throb?'  The gravy
bowl flew out of my hands and hit the table, and the gravy splattered all
over everyone.  And just at that point you, Brother Edward, you hollered,
'Sheee-itt!'  You remember that?"
	"Yeh."
	"Well, when you hollered 'Sheee-itt!' that was a _faux_pas_."


With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in
"Y".


The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
		-- Governor Tarkin


Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
And he laughing said to me:
"Pipe a song about a Lamb!"
So I piped with merry cheer.
"Piper, pipe that song again;"
So I piped: he wept to hear.
		-- William Blake, "Songs of Innocence"


Gurmlish, n.:
	The red warning flag at the top of a club sandwich which prevents
	the person from biting into it and puncturing the roof of his mouth.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Do what comes naturally now.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.


	Robert Kennedy's 1964 Senatorial campaign planners told him that
their intention was to present him to the television viewers as a sincere,
generous person.  "You going to use a double?" asked Kennedy.

	Thumbing through a promotional pamphlet prepared for his 1964
Senatorial campaign, Robert Kennedy came across a photograph of himself
shaking hands with a well-known labor leader.
	"There must be a better photo that this," said Kennedy to the
advertising men in charge of his campaign.
	"What's wrong with this one?" asked one adman.
	"That fellow's in jail," said Kennedy.
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


Simon's Law:
	Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.


We should realize that a city is better off with bad laws, so long as they
remain fixed, then with good laws that are constantly being altered, that
the lack of learning combined with sound common sense is more helpful than
the kind of cleverness that gets out of hand, and that as a general rule,
states are better governed by the man in the street than by intellectuals.
These are the sort of people who want to appear wiser than the laws, who
want to get their own way in every general discussion, because they feel that
they cannot show off their intelligence in matters of greater importance, and
who, as a result, very often bring ruin on their country.
		-- Cleon, Thucydides, III, 37 translation by Rex Warner


QOTD:
	"I want a home, a family, an occasional spanking ..."
		-- Kathy Ireland


Goldfish... what stupid animals.  Even Wayne Cody stops
eating before he bursts.


Q:	What is orange and goes "click, click?"
A:	A ball point carrot.


Once upon a time there were three coeds -- a big coed, a medium-sized coed,
and a little, tiny coed.  One night they came home from a dance, and the big
coed said, "Someone's been sleeping in my bed!"
	The medium-sized coed looked in her room and said, "Someone's been
sleeping in my bed!"
	And the little, tiny coed said, "Well, nighty-night, girls!"


A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something.
A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.


Clothes make the man.
Naked people have little or no influence on society.
		-- Mark Twain


To be excellent when engaged in administration is to be like the North
Star.  As it remains in its one position, all the other stars surround it.
		-- Confucius


In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.


Barth's Distinction:
	There are two types of people: those who divide people into two
types, and those who don't.


To see you is to sympathize.


The more you complain, the longer God lets you live.


Mathematicians practice absolute freedom.
		-- Henry Adams


Mental power tended to corrupt, and absolute intelligence tended to
corrupt absolutely, until the victim eschewed violence entirely in
favor of smart solutions to stupid problems.
		-- Piers Anthony


May all the girls you fall in love with fall in love with girls themselves.


To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
		-- Robert Heller


It is the wisdom of crocodiles, that shed tears when they would devour.
		-- Francis Bacon


What's so funny?


Iowans ask why Minnesotans don't drink more Kool-Aid.  That's because
they can't figure out how to get two quarts of water into one of those
little paper envelopes.


It's no use crying over spilt milk -- it only makes it salty for the cat.


There's nothing to writing.  All you do is sit at a typewriter
and open a vein.
		-- Red Smith


	While visiting our country, a lovely French maiden found herself
out of money just as her visa expired.  Unable to pay her passage back to
France, she was in despair until an enterprising sailor made her a sporting
proposition.  "My ship is sailing tonight," he said.  "I'll smuggle you
aboard, hide you down in the hold and provide you with a mattress, blankets
and food.  All it will cost you is a little love."
	The girl consented, and late that night the sailor sneaked her on
board his vessel.  Twice each day thereafter, the sailor smuggled a large
tray of food below decks, took his pleasure with the little French stowaway
and departed.  The days turned into weeks, and the weeks might have turned
into months if the captain hadn't noticed the sailor carrying food below one
evening and followed him.  After witnessing this unique bit of barter, he
waited until the sailor had departed and then confronted the girl, demanding
an explanation.  She told him the whole story.
	"Hmmm," mused the captain.  "A clever arrangement, and I must say I
admire that young seaman's ingenuity.  However, miss, I feel it is only fair
to tell you that this is the Staten Island Ferry."


Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish,
and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.


If everybody minded their own business, the world would go
around a deal faster.
		-- The Duchess; Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


Jesus saves... but Gretzky gets the rebound!
		-- Daniel Hinojosa


LOVE:
	When, if asked to choose between your lover
	and happiness, you'd skip happiness in a heartbeat.


The Heineken Uncertainty Principle:
	You can never be sure how many beers you had last night.


Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.


For those of you how have been looking for evidence that a working
version of "Star Wars" can be built, consider the following proof
offered by Caspar Weinberger:

	"If such a system is so unattainable, why have the Soviets been
	working desperately to get it for over 17 years?"

		-- USA Today, 24 June 1986


The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of
its capacity -- the rest is overhead for the operating system.


"My country, right or wrong," is a thing that no patriot would
think of saying except in a desperate case.  It is like saying,
"My mother, drunk or sober."
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Are we not men?


Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.


Q:	What do you get when you cross an onion with a donkey?
A:	Well, most of the time you get an onion with big ears, but every
	once in a while you get a piece of ass that will bring tears to
	your eyes...


