We have not inherited the earth from our parents, we've borrowed it from
our children.


Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
		-- M. Hirschfield


Systems have sub-systems and sub-systems have sub-systems and so on ad
infinitum -- which is why we're always starting over.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


A cow is a completely automated milk-manufacturing machine. It is encased
in untanned leather and mounted on four vertical, movable supports, one at
each corner.  The front end of the machine, or input, contains the cutting
and grinding mechanism, utilizing a unique feedback device.  Here also are
the headlights, air inlet and exhaust, a bumper and a foghorn.
	At the rear, the machine carries the milk-dispensing equipment as
well as a built-in flyswatter and insect repeller.  The central portion
houses a hydro- chemical-conversion unit.  Briefly, this consists of four
fermentation and storage tanks connected in series by an intricate network
of flexible plumbing.  This assembly also contains the central heating plant
complete with automatic temperature controls, pumping station and main
ventilating system.  The waste disposal apparatus is located to the rear of
this central section.
	Cows are available fully-assembled in an assortment of sizes and
colors.  Production output ranges from 2 to 20 tons of milk per year.  In
brief, the main external visible features of the cow are:  two lookers, two
hookers, four stander-uppers, four hanger-downers, and a swishy-wishy.


The worst is enemy of the bad.


What they say:			What they mean:

New				Different colors from previous version.
All New				Not compatible with previous version.
Exclusive			Nobody else has documentation.
Unmatched			Almost as good as the competition.
Design Simplicity		The company wouldn't give us any money.
Fool-proof Operation		All parameters are hard-coded.
Advanced Design			Nobody really understands it.
Here At Last			Didn't get it done on time.
Field Tested			We don't have any simulators.
Years of Development		Finally got one to work.
Unprecedented Performance	Nothing ever ran this slow before.
Revolutionary			Disk drives go 'round and 'round.
Futuristic			Only runs on a next generation supercomputer.
No Maintenance			Impossible to fix.
Performance Proven		Worked through Beta test.
Meets Tough Quality Standards	It compiles without errors.
Satisfaction Guaranteed		We'll send you another pack if it fails.
Stock Item			We shipped it before and can do it again.


I'd like to meet the guy who invented beer and see what he's working on now.


If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will
serve us right.
		-- Alistair Cooke


Love is not enough, but it sure helps.


SUN Microsystems:
	The Network IS the Load Average.


	A man went to a doctor to have his penis enlarged.  Well, this
particular procedure involved splicing a baby elephant's trunk onto the
man's penis.  Overjoyed, the man went out with his best girl to a very
fancy restaurant.  After cocktails, the man's penis crept out of his pants,
felt around the table, grabbed a hard roll and quickly disappeared under
the tablecloth.  The girl was startled and exclaimed, "What was that?"
	Suddenly the penis came back, took another hard roll and just as
quickly disappeared.  The girl was silent for a moment, then finally said,
"I don't believe I saw what I think I just saw... can you do that again?"
	With a bit of an uncomfortable smile the man replied, "Honey, I'd
like to, but I don't think my ass can take another hard roll!"


Kafka's Law:
	In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
		-- Franz Kafka, "RS's 1974 Expectation of Days"


Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
		-- Dave Olson


Telephone, n.:
	An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of
	making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The Tao doesn't take sides;
it gives birth to both wins and losses.
The Guru doesn't take sides;
she welcomes both hackers and lusers.

The Tao is like a stack:
the data changes but not the structure.
the more you use it, the deeper it becomes;
the more you talk of it, the less you understand.

Hold on to the root.


He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
		-- Lao Tsu


"Humpf!" Humpfed a voice! "For almost two days you've run wild and insisted on
chatting with persons who've never existed.  Such carryings-on in our peaceable
jungle!  We've had quite enough of you bellowing bungle!  And I'm here to
state," snapped the big kangaroo, "That your silly nonsensical game is all
through!"  And the young kangaroo in her pouch said, "Me, too!"
	"With the help of the Wickersham Brothers and dozens of Wickersham
Uncles and Wickersham Cousins and Wickersham In-Laws, whose help I've engaged,
You're going to be roped!  And you're going to be caged!  And, as for your
dust speck...  Hah! That we shall boil in a hot steaming kettle of Beezle-But
oil!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "Horton Hears a Who"


Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.


Q:	How do you know when it's time to wash the dishes?
A:	Look inside your pants; if you have a penis, it's not time.


Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
		-- James P. Hogan


You never gain something but that you lose something.
		-- Thoreau


Bumper sticker:
	All the parts falling off this car are
	of the very finest British manufacture.


You will always have friends
Some friends will peter out.
But I'll always be your friend,
Peter in or peter out.


A halted retreat
Is nerve-wracking and dangerous.
To retain people as men -- and maidservants
Brings good fortune.


Largest Number of Driving Test Failures
	By April 1970 Mrs. Miriam Hargrave had failed her test thirty-nine
times.  In the eight preceding years she had received two hundred and
twelve driving lessons at a cost of L300.  She set the new record while
driving triumphantly through a set of red traffic lights in Wakefield,
Yorkshire.  Disappointingly, she passed at the fortieth attempt (3 August
1970) but eight years later she showed some of her old magic when she was
reported as saying that she still didn't like doing right-hand turns.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Have you flogged your kid today?


Why don't elephants eat penguins ?

Because they can't get the wrappers off ...


... But the reward of a successful collaboration is a thing that cannot
be produced by either of the parties working alone.  It is akin to the
benefits of sex with a partner, as opposed to masturbation.  The latter
is fun, but you show me anyone who has gotten a baby from playing with
him or herself, and I'll show you an ugly baby, with just a whole bunch
of knuckles.
		-- Harlan Ellison


Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an
autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
		-- Marlo Thomas


The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip
market.  Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and
is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"
		-- James Finke, Commodore Int'l Ltd., 1982


Be cheerful while you are alive.
		-- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.


	The Split-Atom Blues

Gimme Twinkies, gimme wine,
    Gimme jeans by Calvin Klein ...
But if you split those atoms fine,
    Mama keep 'em off those genes of mine!

Gimme zits, take my dough,
    Gimme arsenic in my jelly roll ...
Call the devil and sell my soul,
    But Mama keep dem atoms whole!
		-- Milo Bloom, "Bloom County"


A performing octopus could play the piano, the zither and a piccolo, and his
trainer wanted him to add the bagpipe to his accomplishments.  With this in
mind, a bagpipe was placed in the octopus's room, and the trainer awaited
results.  Hours passed, but no bagpipe music was heard.  Since the talented
octopus usually learned quickly, the trainer was disturbed.  Opening the door
the next morning, he asked the octopus,
	"Have you learned to play that thing yet?"
	"Play it!" retorted the octopus. "I've been trying to lay it all
night!"


How come we never talk anymore?


We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog


Too cool to calypso,
Too tough to tango,
Too weird to watusi
		-- The Only Ones


Fat dirty farts came spluttering out of your backside.  You had an arse full
of farts that night, darling, and I fucked them out of you, big fat fellows,
long windy ones, quick little merry cracks...
		-- James Joyce


Nine megs for the secretaries fair,
Seven megs for the hackers scarce,
Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs,
Three megs for system source;

One disk to rule them all,
One disk to bind them,
One disk to hold the files
And in the darkness grind 'em.


There are many ways to say "I love you", but fucking is the fastest.


Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.


Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.


Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.


TOTD (T-shirt Of The Day):
	I'm the person your mother warned you about.


Most burning issues generate far more heat than light.


It is very difficult to look at the possibility of lesbian sheep because
if you are a female sheep, what you do to solicit sex is to stand still.
Maybe there is a female sheep out there really wanting another female,
but there's just no way for us to know it.
		-- Anne Perkins, in her study of sexuality in sheep.


This is an unauthorized cybernetic announcement.


Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden:  Languages
whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful.  The LISP machine now permits
LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California.


A good programmer is someone who looks both ways before crossing a
one-way street.
		-- Doug Linder


Prince Absalom lay with his sister
And bundled and nibbled and kissed her,
	But the kid was so tight,
	And it was deep night --
Though he shot at the target, he missed her.


We should realize that a city is better off with bad laws, so long as they
remain fixed, then with good laws that are constantly being altered, that
the lack of learning combined with sound common sense is more helpful than
the kind of cleverness that gets out of hand, and that as a general rule,
states are better governed by the man in the street than by intellectuals.
These are the sort of people who want to appear wiser than the laws, who
want to get their own way in every general discussion, because they feel that
they cannot show off their intelligence in matters of greater importance, and
who, as a result, very often bring ruin on their country.
		-- Cleon, Thucydides, III, 37 translation by Rex Warner


Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking
difficulties before we get to them.
		-- Dr. Frank Crane


CONFIRMED BACHELOR:
	A man who goes through life without a hitch.


If you wish women to love you, be original; I know a man who wore fur
boots summer and winter, and women fell in love with him.
		-- Anton Chekov


Your conscience never stops you from doing anything.  It just stops you
from enjoying it.


Whenever you find that you are on the
side of the majority, it is time to reform.
		-- Mark Twain


Double!


NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Giuseppe?  Everything he
	  says is wrong.
GIUSEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
	  will be right.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "The Man of Destiny"


Q:	Why do the police always travel in threes?
A:	One to do the reading, one to do the writing, and the other keeps
	an eye on the two intellectuals.


I believe that professional wrestling is clean
and everything else in the world is fixed.
		-- Frank Deford, sports writer


Excellent day for drinking heavily.
Spike the office water cooler.


It's better to be wanted for murder than not to be wanted at all.
		-- Marty Winch


Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.


If it heals good, say it.


The state that separates its scholars from its warriors will have its
thinking done by cowards, and its fighting by fools.

		-- Thucydides


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with
sloppy analysis!


The algorithm for finding the longest path in a graph is NP-complete.
For you systems people, that means it's *real slow*.
		-- Bart Miller


Cocaine isn't habit forming.  I should know -- I've been using it for years.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin


Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu


Nietzsche is pietzsche, Goethe is murder.


I Don't Mind If You Lie to Me, As Long As I Ain't Lyin' Alone
I Wouldn't Take You to a Dog Fight Even If I Thought You Could Win
If You Leave Me, Walk Out Backwards So I'll Think You're Comin' In
Since You Learned to Lip-Sync, I'm At Your Disposal
My John Deere Was Breaking Your Field, While Your Dear John Was
	Breaking My Heart
Don't Cry, Little Darlin', You're Waterin' My Beer
Tennis Must Be Your Racket, 'Cause Love Means Nothin' to You
When You Say You Love Me, You're Full of Prunes, 'Cause Living
	With You Is the Pits
I Wanted Your Hand in Marriage but All I Got Was the Finger
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles from "Wordplay"


The whole world is about three drinks behind.
		-- Humphrey Bogart


Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
		-- William Shakespeare


While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
		-- Dean Rusk


Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.


The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.


Boling's postulate:
	If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.


Did you hear about the nearsighted fetishist who got off on the wrong foot?


Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
		-- DEC


Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
		-- motto of the Christopher Society


Disclaimer of the Week:
	Any Society Which Requires Disclaimers Has Too Many Goddamn Lawyers.


Ya know, Quaker Oats make you feel good twice!


The orders come down and they march us away.
There's a battle outside and we join in the fray.
God, it's hell when you know this could be your last day,
But it's better than working for Xerox.
		-- Frank Hayes, "Don't Ask"


The Enterprise crew when off work
Will fuck like an Ottoman Turk.
	Uhura the Zulu
	Is shacked up with Sulu,
And Spock shares a crew girl with Kirk.


In 1914, the first crossword puzzle was printed in a newspaper.  The
creator received $4000 down ... and $3000 across.


Hear about...
	the sultan who had ten wives, nine of them had it soft.


Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
		-- Monty Python


13. ...  r-q1


The perfect woman:
	Four feet tall, no teeth and a flat head so you can rest
	your drink.

	[Pistol-grip ears?  Ed.]


Peers's Law:
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.


You cannot use your friends and have them too.


	There was a mad scientist (a mad... social... scientist) who kidnapped
three colleagues, an engineer, a physicist, and a mathematician, and locked
each of them in separate cells with plenty of canned food and water but no
can opener.
	A month later, returning, the mad scientist went to the engineer's
cell and found it long empty.  The engineer had constructed a can opener from
pocket trash, used aluminum shavings and dried sugar to make an explosive,
and escaped.
	The physicist had worked out the angle necessary to knock the lids
off the tin cans by throwing them against the wall.  She was developing a good
pitching arm and a new quantum theory.
	The mathematician had stacked the unopened cans into a surprising
solution to the kissing problem; his desiccated corpse was propped calmly
against a wall, and this was inscribed on the floor:
	Theorem: If I can't open these cans, I'll die.
	Proof: assume the opposite...


A violent man will die a violent death.
		-- Lao Tsu


Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.


Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around
the sun.  At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when
evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can
doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.  That all present
life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is
as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.  Biologists differ only with
respect to theories about how the process operates.
		-- Martin Gardner, "Irving Kristol and the Facts of Life"


If all the seas were ink,
And all the reeds were pens,
And all the skies were parchment,
And all the men could write,
These would not suffice
To write down all the red tape
Of this Government.


In my sweet little night gown of blue,
On the first night that I slept with you,
	I was both shy and scared
	As the bed was prepared,
And you played peekaboo with my ribbons of blue.

As we both watched the break of day,
And in peaceful submission I lay,
	You said you adored it
	But dammit, you tore it,
My sweet little night gown of blue.


Gunter's Airborne Discoveries:
	(1)  When you are served a meal aboard an aircraft,
	     the aircraft will encounter turbulence.
	(2)  The strength of the turbulence
	     is directly proportional to the temperature of your coffee.


Disks travel in packs.


Elevators smell different to midgets.


Give all orders verbally.  Never write anything down
that might go into a "Pearl Harbor File".


Science Fiction, Double Feature.
Frank has built and lost his creature.
Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet.
The servants gone to a distant planet.
Wo, oh, oh, oh.
At the late night, double feature, Picture show.
I want to go, oh, oh, oh.
To the late night, double feature, Picture show.
		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show


The most unsatisfactory men are those who pride themselves on their
virility and regard sex as if it were some form of athletics at which
you win cups. It is a woman's spirit and mood which a man has to
stimulate in order to make sex interesting.  The real lover is the
man who can thrill you by just touching your head or smiling into
your eyes - or just by staring into space.
		-- Marilyn Monroe


Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S Audit!
Just type in your name and social security number.
Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law:

Name	#




God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #5

THE ATOMIC GRANDMOTHER:
	This humorous but heart-warming story tells of an elderly woman
	forced to work at a nuclear power plant in order to help the family
	make ends meet.  At night, granny sits on the porch, tells tales
	of her colorful past, and the family uses her to cook barbecues
	and to power small electrical appliances.  Maureen Stapleton gives
	a glowing performance.


You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.


If you guys have a beef with her, that's her problem.  Don't lay it on
me.  The old lady has to take care of her own weight.
		-- Herbie Sperling, convicted heroin dealer, on being
		   arrested for narcotics possession at his mother's house.


Baruch's Observation:
	If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.


Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was
going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then
being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.


My own dear love, he is strong and bold
	And he cares not what comes after.
His words ring sweet as a chime of gold,
	And his eyes are lit with laughter.
He is jubilant as a flag unfurled --
	Oh, a girl, she'd not forget him.
My own dear love, he is all my world --
	And I wish I'd never met him.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 1


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


Ours is a world where people don't know what they
want and are willing to go through hell to get it.


I am fairly unrepentant about her poetry.  I really think that three
quarters of it is gibberish.  However, I must crush down these thoughts
otherwise the dove of peace will shit on me.
		-- Noel Coward on Edith Sitwell


Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


There's nothing like a good dose of another woman to make a man
appreciate his wife.
		-- Clare Booth Luce


Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available
briefcases.
		-- Governor Jerry Brown


Mandrell: "You know what I think?"
Doctor:   "Ah, ah that's a catch question.  With a brain your size you
	  don't think, right?"
		-- "Doctor Who"


The meek shall inherit the Earth.
(But they're gonna have to fight for it.)


I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate
of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour ...
		-- F. H. Wales (1936)


Actor:	"I'm a smash hit.  Why, yesterday during the last act, I had
	everyone glued in their seats!"
Oliver Herford:	"Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Clever of you to think of
	it!"


The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.


Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
and those who climb it twice.


According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold,
and according to convention, there is an order.  In truth, there are atoms
and a void.
		-- Democritus, 400 B.C.


Genius is ten percent inspiration and fifty percent capital gains.


Felt tip, v.:
	Past tense for a breast examination!


When a man assumes a public trust, he
should consider himself as public property.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


Thrashing is just virtual crashing.


More are taken in by hope than by cunning.
		-- Vauvenargues


... the Mayo Clinic, named after its founder, Dr. Ted Clinic ...
		-- Dave Barry


Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate
the difference between one young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"


When you jump for joy, beware that no-one
moves the ground from beneath your feet.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lec, "Unkempt Thoughts"


A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and
ask for it back the when it begins to rain.
		-- Robert Frost


Chisolm's First Corollary to Murphy's Second Law:
	When things just can't possibly get any worse, they will.


