My mother was a test tube; my father was a knife.
		-- Friday


Those who have had no share in the good fortunes of the mighty
Often have a share in their misfortunes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Caucasian Chalk Circle"


Turn on, tune in, and take over.
		-- Tim Leary


It's hard to drive at the limit, but
it's harder to know where the limits are.
		-- Stirling Moss


Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.


Hear about...
	the Eskimo girl who spent the night with her boyfriend and
	next morning found she was six months pregnant?


All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., "The Book of Bokonon"


An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


Chicken Little only has to be right once.


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


MONTANA:
	A grizzly bear praying for the early arrival of cable television.


Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
		-- Pericles


On a cannibal isle near Malaysia
Lives a lady they call Anastasia.
	Not Russian elite-
	She's eager to eat
Whatever or whoever lays her.


Save a tree -- kill an ISO working group today.
		-- Jason Zions


But scientists, who ought to know
Assure us that it must be so.
Oh, let us never, never doubt
What nobody is sure about.
		-- Hilaire Belloc


Nachman's Rule:
	When it comes to foreign food, the less authentic the better.
		-- Gerald Nachman


Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
		-- Publilius Syrus


	Mr. Hersh came home to find his wife sitting naked in front of the
mirror, admiring her breasts.
	"And what do you think you're doing?" he asked.
	"I went to the doctor today and he said I have the breasts of a
twenty-five-year-old."
	"Oh yeah?  And what did he have to say about your forty-year-old
ass?"
	"Nothing," she replied. "Your name didn't come up at all."


The faster I go, the behinder I get.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


A UNIX saleslady, Lenore,
Enjoys work, but she likes the beach more.
	She found a good way
	To combine work and play:
She sells C shells by the seashore.


Support your local police force -- steal!!


Grinnell's Law of Labor Laxity:
	At all times, for any task, you have not got enough done today.


Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	An Abelian grape.


All the really good ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.
		-- Grant Wood


Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall!
All the king's horses,
And all the king's men,
Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again!


I understand why you're confused.  You're thinking too much.
		-- Carole Wallach


All men profess honesty as long as they can.
To believe all men honest would be folly.
To believe none so is something worse.
		-- John Quincy Adams


The only thing that experience teaches us is that experience teaches
us nothing.
		-- Andre Maurois (Emile Herzog)


Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.


The philosopher's treatment of a question
is like the treatment of an illness.
		-- Wittgenstein


Each of us bears his own Hell.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


Sink or Swim with Teddy!


John			Dame May		Oscar
Was Gay			Was Whitty		Was Wilde
But Gerard Hopkins	But John Greenleaf	But Thornton
Was Manley		Was Whittier		Was Wilder
		-- Willard Espy


Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
		-- John Lyly


Armor's Axiom:
	Virtue is the failure to achieve vice.


All heiresses are beautiful.
		-- John Dryden


The government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the
Christian Religion
		-- George Washington


I have not yet begun to byte!


You're definitely on their list.
The question to ask next is what list it is.


The telephone is a good way to talk to people without having to offer
them a drink.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Interview"


A hammer sometimes misses its mark - a bouquet never.


	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Plumage:
	All clothes have a slightly crumpled look as though they came off the
	top of the laundry basket.  Style varies with status.  Hacker managers
	wear gray polyester slacks, pink or pastel shirts with wide collars,
	and paisley ties; staff wears cinched-up baggy corduroy pants, white
	or blue shirts with button-down collars, and penholder in pocket.
	Both managers and staff wear running shoes to work, and a black
	plastic digital watch with calculator.


No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"


Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it.
		-- Mark Twain


Where am I, and what am I doing in this handbasket?
		-- Mark A. Matthews, to Wes Peters, circa 1996


HACKER:
	A master byter.


Everything you read in newspapers is absolutely true, except for that
rare story of which you happen to have first-hand knowledge.
		-- Erwin Knoll


The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians
who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool
all of the people all of the time.
		-- Franklin Adams


ACCEPTANCE TESTING:
	An unsuccessful attempt to find bugs.


Rules for Good Grammar #4.
 1:	Don't use no double negatives.
 2:	Make each pronoun agree with their antecedents.
 3:	Join clauses good, like a conjunction should.
 4:	About them sentence fragments.
 5:	When dangling, watch your participles.
 6:	Verbs has got to agree with their subjects.
 7:	Just between you and i, case is important.
 8:	Don't write run-on sentences when they are hard to read.
 9:	Don't use commas, which aren't necessary.
10:	Try to not ever split infinitives.
11:	It is important to use your apostrophe's correctly.
12:	Proofread your writing to see if you any words out.
13:	Correct speling is essential.
14:	A preposition is something you never end a sentence with.
15:	While a transcendent vocabulary is laudable, one must be eternally
	careful so that the calculated objective of communication does not
	become ensconced in obscurity.  In other words, eschew obfuscation.


The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets. They have
yet to learn - only the savage fears what he does not understand.
		-- The Silver Surfer


Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
		-- Josh Billings


Q:	How does a single woman in New York get rid of cockroaches?
A:	She asks them for a commitment.


Your business will assume vast proportions.


When it is not necessary to make a decision,
it is necessary not to make a decision.


Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.


We are unavoidably drawn towards conservatism and death.
The order is not insignificant.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Slurm, n.:
	The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when
	it sits in the dish too long.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


The cost of living has just gone up another dollar a quart.
		-- W. C. Fields


Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more
than the estimate the job will cost.


Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
		-- G. J. Danton


Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.


When Marriage is Outlawed,
Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.


No poet or novelist wishes he was the only one who ever lived, but most of
them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe
their wish has been granted.
		-- W. H. Auden, "The Dyer's Hand"


One could not be a successful scientist without realizing that, in contrast
to the popular conception supported by newspapers and mothers of scientists,
a goodly number of scientists are not only narrow-minded and dull, but also
just stupid.
		-- J. D. Watson, "The Double Helix"


So far as we are human, what we do must be either evil or good: so far
as we do evil or good, we are human: and it is better, in a paradoxical
way, to do evil than to do nothing: at least we exist.
		-- T. S. Eliot, essay on Baudelaire


You should go home.


'Twas a woman who drove me to drink,
and I never even had the decency to thank her.
		-- R. B. Gossling


Learning without thought is labor lost;
thought without learning is perilous.
		-- Confucius


Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
		-- Arman de Caillavet, 1913


Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
		-- Frank Zappa


The more they over-think the plumbing
the easier it is to stop up the drain.


Why a man would want a wife is a big mystery to some people.
Why a man would want *two* wives is a bigamystery.


If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.


One of the chief duties of the mathematician in acting as an
advisor... is to discourage... from expecting too much from
mathematics.
		-- N. Wiener


You can fool some of the people some of the time,
and some of the people all of the time, and that is sufficient.


... So the documentary-makers stick with sharks.  Generally, their
procedure is to scatter bleeding fish pieces around their boat, so as
to infest the waters.  I would estimate that the primary food source of
sharks today is bleeding fish pieces scattered by people making
documentaries.  Once the sharks arrive, they are generally fairly
listless.  The general shark attitude seems to be: "Oh God, another
documentary."  So the divers have to somehow goad them into attacking,
under the guise of Scientific Research.  "We know very little about the
effect of electricity on sharks," the narrator will say, in a deeply
scientific voice.  "That is why Todd is going to jab this Great White
in the testicles with a cattle prod."  The divers keep this kind of
thing up until the shark finally gets irritated and snaps at them, and
then they act as though this was a totally unexpected and very
dangerous development, although clearly it is what they wanted all along.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


Hear about...
	the inexperienced stenographer who discovered that she could lose
	a lot more than letters behind the files?


I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.


Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way

Tired of lying in the sunshine		And then one day you find
Staying home to watch the rain		Ten years have got behind you
You are young and life is long		No one told you when to run
And there is time to kill today		You missed the starting gun

And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking
And racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death

Every year is getting shorter		Hanging on in quiet desperation
						is the English way
Never seem to find the time		The time is gone, the song is over
Plans that either come to nought	Thought I'd something more to say...
Or half a page of scribbled lines
		-- Pink Floyd, "Time"


...eighty years later he could still recall with the young pang of his
original joy his falling in love with Ada.
		-- Nabokov


Coitus upon a cadaver
Is the ultimate way you can have 'er.
	Her inanimate state
	Means a man needn't wait,
And eliminates all the palaver.


	A great American Olympic wrestler was receiving last-minute advice
from his coach about the upcoming match with the Soviet Champion.
	"This Russian guy is really good, very strong and quick.  But I think
you can take him.  Remember, though, like I've told you before, don't let
him get you in the Pretzel hold.  With his strength you'd never get out."
	The American leaps onto the mat, and within moments the two behemoths
are going crazy, struggling to get each other pinned.  The American slowly
gains ground and appears that he might actually win on points alone, when, in
the blink of an eye, the Russian reverses him and whips him into the fatal
Pretzel hold.
	The coach, off by the side, shakes his head in dismay, and sits down
on the bench with his head between his hands.  All of a sudden, there's a
scream and the two wrestlers fly apart, the American regaining control and
pinning the Russian.  After the match, in the dressing room, the coach
finally gets the winner alone.  "Great job!  But how the hell did you get out
of the Pretzel Hold?  I thought it was over for sure!"
	"Well, I did too.  I was in the hold, about to be pinned, when I saw
this huge pair of testicles hanging right in front of my eyes.  I figured
what the hell, so I stretched forward and bit them as hard as I could.  Coach,
you just don't know your own strength 'til you've bitten your own balls!"


Those who do things in a noble spirit of
self-sacrifice are to be avoided at all costs.
		-- N. Alexander


When choosing between two evils, I always
like to take the one I've never tried before.
		-- Mae West, "Klondike Annie"


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Taking drugs in the 60's, I tried to reach Nirvana, but all I ever
got were re-runs of The Mickey Mouse Club.
		-- Rev. Jim


I wish that my room had a floor;
I don't so much care for a door,
	But this walking around
	Without touching the ground
Is getting to be quite a bore!
		-- Gelett Burgess


Pilots should avoid using illegal drugs.
		-- AOPA's Pilot's Handbook, 1988


It seems a little silly now, but this country
was founded as a protest against taxation.


Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not
committing them?
		-- Jules Feiffer


Actor			Real Name

Boris Karloff		William Henry Pratt
Cary Grant		Archibald Leach
Edward G. Robinson	Emmanual Goldenburg
Gene Wilder		Gerald Silberman
John Wayne		Marion Morrison
Kirk Douglas		Issur Danielovitch
Richard Burton		Richard Jenkins, Jr.
Roy Rogers		Leonard Slye
Woody Allen		Allen Stewart Konigsberg


Mitchell's Law of Committees:
	Any simple problem can be made insoluble
	if enough meetings are held to discuss it.


Art is the tree of life.  Science is the tree of death.


He was a cowboy, mister, and he loved the land.  He loved it so much he
made a woman out of dirt and married her.  But when he kissed her, she
disintegrated.  Later, at the funeral, when the preacher said, "Dust to
dust," some people laughed, and the cowboy shot them.  At his hanging, he
told the others, "I'll be waiting for you in heaven -- with a gun."
		-- Jack Handey


FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#9

Has management potential:
	Because of his intimate relationship with inanimate objects, the
	reviewee has been appointed to the critical position of department
	pencil monitor.

Inspirational:
	A true inspiration to others.  ("There, but for the grace of God,
	go I.")

Adapts to stress:
	Passes wind, water, or out depending upon the severity of the
	situation.

Goal oriented:
	Continually sets low goals for himself, and usually fails
	to meet them.


Are you making all this up as you go along?


People who are funny and smart and return phone calls get
much better press than people who are just funny and smart.
		-- Howard Simons, "The Washington Post"


It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do,
that makes life blessed.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


When the naive young lady asked the clerk in Le Sex Shoppe to show her his
selection of vibrators, he brought out the two most popular ones.
	"The basic white plastic one here is twenty dollars," the clerk said.
"The flesh-toned rubber models are thirty."
	"I'm just not sure," the woman said, then she noticed an eye-catching
item on the back shelf.  "How much is that plaid one over there?"
	"Uh, well, that's a pretty special one," said the clerk.  "I couldn't
sell you that one for less than a hundred."
	"I'll take it."
	Later that day, the store owner checked in to see how business was
going.  "Great," the clerk told him.  "This morning, I sold four white
vibrators and three flesh-toned ones.  And, this afternoon, I got a hundred
bucks for my Thermos."


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Good children always obey.
	Quit acting so childish.
	Boys don't cry.
	If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
	Why do you have to know so much?
	This hurts me more than it hurts you.
	Why?  Because I'm bigger than you.
	Well, you've ruined everything.  Now are you happy?
	Oh, grow up.
	I'm only doing this because I love you.


San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
		-- Herb Caen


	A manager was about to be fired, but a programmer who worked for him
invented a new program that became popular and sold well.  As a result, the
manager retained his job.
	The manager tried to give the programmer a bonus, but the programmer
refused it, saying, "I wrote the program because I though it was an interesting
concept, and thus I expect no reward."
	The manager, upon hearing this, remarked, "This programmer, though he
holds a position of small esteem, understands well the proper duty of an
employee.  Lets promote him to the exalted position of management consultant!"
	But when told this, the programmer once more refused, saying, "I exist
so that I can program.  If I were promoted, I would do nothing but waste
everyone's time.  Can I go now?  I have a program that I'm working on."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


QOTD:
	"It was so cold last winter that I saw a lawyer with his
	hands in his own pockets."


Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends,
but quickly to their misfortunes.
		-- Chilo


There are Jews in the world, there are Buddhists,	Every sperm is sacred,
there are Hindus and Mormons and then			Every sperm is great,
there are those that follow Mohammed  ...But...		If a sperm is wasted,
I've never been one of them.				God gets quite irate.

I am a Roman Catholic					Every sperm is wanted,
And have been since before I was born,			Every sperm is good.
And the one thing they say about Catholics is		Every sperm is needed,
They'll take you as soon as you're warm.		In your neighborhood.

You don't have to be a six-footer.		Let the heathens spill theirs,
You don't have to have a great brain.		On the dusty ground.
You don't have to have any clothes on,		God shall make them pay for
You're a Catholic the moment Dad came		Each sperm that can't be found.
...Because...

Hindu, Taoist, Mormon,				Every sperm is useful,
spill theirs just anywhere			Every sperm is fine.
but God loves those who treat their		God needs everybodies,
semen with more care.				Mine, and mine, and mine.
		-- Monty Python, "Every Sperm is Sacred"


An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
		-- Spanish proverb


The difference between sentiment and being sentimental is the following:
Sentiment is when a driver swerves out of the way to avoid hitting a
rabbit on the road.  Being sentimental is when the same driver, when
swerving away from the rabbit hits a pedestrian.
		-- Frank Herbert, "The White Plague"


Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.


The universe is an island,
surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.


It seems that a Scotsman and an Irishman walked into a bar.  The Scot
immediately singled out the bartender and proclaimed that drinks were
on the house, and that he expected him to serve only his best.  The next
day, the headlines read: Irish Ventriloquist Beaten to Death Behind Bar.


You cannot use your friends and have them too.


	Once in a medieval times...there was a King who was getting sort of
bored after dinner one night.  He decided to hold a contest of who at the
court had the mightiest "weapon".  The first knight stood up and proclaimed
that he had the mightiest weapon... he pulled down his pants and tied a 5
pound weight around it.  The weapon doth rose.  The crowds cheered... the
women swooned... the children waved multi-colored banners... and the band
played appropriate music.
	Another knight stood up and claimed that he had the mightiest weapon.
He dropped his pants and tied a 10 pound weight to himself.  The weapon doth
rose. The crowds cheered... the women swooned... the children waved
multi-colored banners...  and the band played appropriate music.
	After several more knights tried to prove their superiority...  the
King finally spoke out. "I have the mightiest weapon of them all!" He dropped
his pants and tied, not a 10 pound, not a 20 pound, not ever a thirty pound,
but a 40 pound weight, plus a coffee pot, to himself. The weapon doth rose.
The crowds cheered...  the women swooned... the children waved multi-colored
banners... and the band played "God Save the Queen."


There is no delight the equal of dread.
As long as it is somebody else's.
		-- Clive Barker


Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention
	Unless the results are known in advance,
	funding agencies will reject the proposal.


Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.


Critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Q:	Have you ever been picked up by the fuzz?
A:	No, but I bet it hurts like hell.


What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
		-- William Blake


After I run your program, let's make love like crazed weasels, OK?


Forgetfulness, n.:
	A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for
	their destitution of conscience.


It was all so different before everything changed.


While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are
safe, for you can watch both of his.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


If all these sweet young things were laid end-to-end, I wouldn't be a
bit surprised.
		-- Dorothy Parker


A city is a large community where people are lonesome together.
		-- Herbert Prochnow


Symptom:		Feet cold and wet, glass empty.
Fault:			Glass being held at incorrect angle.
Action Required:	Turn glass other way up so that open end points
			toward ceiling.

Symptom:		Feet warm and wet.
Fault:			Improper bladder control.
Action Required:	Go stand next to nearest dog.  After a while complain
			to the owner about its lack of house training and
			demand a beer as compensation.

		-- Bar Troubleshooting


When asked the definition of "pi":
The Mathematician:
	Pi is the number expressing the relationship between the
	circumference of a circle and its diameter.
The Physicist:
	Pi is 3.1415927, plus or minus 0.000000005.
The Engineer:
	Pi is about 3.


In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work,
the answer may be obtained by inspection.


QOTD:
	"No, honey, I've never been circumsized;
		it's simply wear and tear."


Mystics always hope that science will some day overtake them.
		-- Booth Tarkington


Him:	"Your skin is so soft.  Are you a model?"
Her:	"No,"  [blush]  "I'm a cosmetologist."
Him:	"Really? That's incredible...
	It must be very tough to handle weightlessness."
		-- "The Jerk"


You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.


Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and its goodbye
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


Steele's Plagiarism of Somebody's Philosophy:
	Everybody should believe in something --
	I believe I'll have another drink.


	Risch's decision procedure for integration, not surprisingly,
uses a recursion on the number and type of the extensions from the
rational functions needed to represent the integrand.  Although the
algorithm follows and critically depends upon the appropriate structure
of the input, as in the case of multivariate factorization, we cannot
claim that the algorithm is a natural one.  In fact, the creator of
differential algebra, Ritt, committed suicide in the early 1950's,
largely, it is claimed, because few paid attention to his work.  Probably
he would have received more attention had he obtained the algorithm as
well.
		-- Joel Moses, "Algorithms and Complexity", ed. J. F. Traub


Many people write memos to tell you they have nothing to say.


It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a
statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious
to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look,
which morally we can do.  To affect the quality of the day, that is the
highest of arts. Every man is tasked to make his life, even in its details,
worthy of the contemplation of his most elevated and critical hour.
		-- Henry David Thoreau, "Where I Live"


Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Zippity doo dah, zippity ay,
I just gave my sister's cherry away!
To a couple of truckers from Erie P.A.,
Zippity doo dah, zippity ay.
		-- John Valby


There is no such thing as an ugly woman -- there are only
the ones who do not know how to make themselves attractive.
		-- Christian Dior


Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL.
		-- Mae West


All constants are variables.


Hire the morally handicapped.


Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen
at all.  The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
		-- Herodotus


