If you put it off long enough, it might go away.


"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And make errors few people could bear;
You complain about everyone's English but yours --
	Do you really think this is quite fair?"

"I make lots of mistakes," Father William declared,
	"But my stature these days is so great
That no critic can hurt me -- I've got them all scared,
	And to stop me it's now far too late."


In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be
thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.
		-- H. L. Mencken


The good time is approaching,
The season is at hand.
When the merry click of the two-base lick
Will be heard throughout the land.
The frost still lingers on the earth, and
Budless are the trees.
But the merry ring of the voice of spring
Is borne upon the breeze.
		-- Ode to Opening Day, "The Sporting News", 1886


The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and
is an emerging underachiever.


Trying to get an education here is like
trying to take a drink from a fire hose.


The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with
sloppy analysis!


Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.


Bare feet magnetize sharp metal objects so they point upward from the
floor -- especially in the dark.


	The people of Halifax invented the trampoline.  During the Victorian
period the tripe-dressers of Halifax stretched tripe across a large wooden
frame and jumped up and down on it to `tender and dress' it.  The tripoline,
as they called it, degenerated into becoming the apparatus for a spectator
sport.
	The people of Halifax also invented the harmonium, a device for
castrating pigs during Sunday service.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Incumbent, n.:
	Person of liveliest interest to the outcumbents.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You can not get anything worthwhile done without raising a sweat.
		-- The First Law Of Thermodynamics

What ever you want is going to cost a little more than it is worth.
		-- The Second Law Of Thermodynamics

You can not win the game, and you are not allowed to stop playing.
		-- The Third Law Of Thermodynamics


Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.


Life is the urge to ecstasy.


He's gallantry personified, in fact, his brochures ought to
read satisfaction guaranteed, or your virginity returned intact.


Q:	Why did the germ cross the microscope?
A:	To get to the other slide.


Why not, for example, offer a brand-new Mustang convertible to every girl
who consents to having her Fallopian tubes tied in a Gordian knot?  ... It
would have the additional benefit of eliminating from the gene pool those
stupid enough to consent to such a deal.
		-- Edward Abbey


My brother-in-law has found a way to make ends meet.  He goes around
with his head stuck up his ass.


The hardest part of climbing the ladder of
success is getting through the crowd at the bottom.


Why are you so hard to ignore?


Since aerosols are forbidden, the police are using roll-on Mace!


To err is human, but when the eraser wears out
before the pencil, you're overdoing it a little.


Two recent emigrants to the United States, on their first day off the boat
in New York City, spied a hotdog vendor.  "Do they eat dogs in America?"
one asked his companion.
	"I don't know."
	"Well, if we're going to live in America, we have to learn to eat
American foods."
	So they each bought a wax paper wrapped hotdog and sat down to eat
them on a nearby park bench.  One man looked inside his wax paper, then over
at the other man, and asked, "So, what part did you get?"


Is your job running?  You'd better go catch it!


A toast to the kisses you've snatched and vice-versa.


I know the answer!  The answer lies within the heart of all mankind!
The answer is twelve?  I think I'm in the wrong building.
		-- Charles Schulz


	A novice asked the Master: "Here is a programmer that never designs,
documents, or tests his programs.  Yet all who know him consider him one of
the best programmers in the world.  Why is this?"
	The Master replies: "That programmer has mastered the Tao.  He has
gone beyond the need for design; he does not become angry when the system
crashes, but accepts the universe without concern.  He has gone beyond the
need for documentation; he no longer cares if anyone else sees his code.  He
has gone beyond the need for testing; each of his programs are perfect within
themselves, serene and elegant, their purpose self-evident.  Truly, he has
entered the mystery of the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


When choosing between two evils, I always
like to take the one I've never tried before.
		-- Mae West, "Klondike Annie"


At last, the first Soviet, artificially intelligent computer had been produced.
The engineers did not get it, nor the physicists.  First things first: it went
to the institute of Marxism-Leninism.

"IS IT POSSIBLE TO BUILD SOCIALISM IN SWITZERLAND?" typed in one of the
	theologians.
"YES," replied the computer.  "BUT IT WOULD BE SUCH A PITY TO DESTROY
	SUCH A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY."


You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.


Bucy's Law:
	Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.


	Well, he thought, since neither Aristotelian Logic nor the disciplines
of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them...
	Drawing a few deep even breaths, he entered a mental state practiced
only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen.  In it his mind floated freely,
able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed,
undistracted by any outside disturbances.  Logical structures no longer
inhibited him. Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished.
All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important,
became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships
not evident to ordinary vision.  Like beads strung on a string of their own
meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by
all.  Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming
all others.  And Mind no longer contemplated Problem, but became Problem,
destroying Subject-Object by becoming them.
	Time passed, unheeded.
	Eventually, there was a tentative stirring, then a decisive one, and
Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
		-- Wayfarer


Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.


Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.


An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of purge.


Avoid cliches like the plague.
They're a dime a dozen.


Don't lose
Your head
To gain a minute
You need your head
Your brains are in it.
		-- Burma Shave


Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity
and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
		-- D. Gries


Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
Gimme that old bisexuality,
'Cause it's good enough for me!

It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
It was good for David Bowie,
And it's good enough for me!


Fidelity, n.:
	A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.


Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.


To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role,
but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor
micro and then try to run it on OS/2.  I mean, get serious.
		-- William Zachmann, International Data Corp


One good turn asketh another.
		-- John Heywood


In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space
Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways.
Our asymptotes no longer out of phase,
We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


If your parents don't have kids, neither will you.


We have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out.


Those lovable Brits department:
	They also have trouble pronouncing `vitamin'.


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #21

A:	Dr. Livingston I. Presume.
Q:	What's Dr. Presume's full name?


"Well," Brahma said, "even after ten thousand explanations, a fool is
no wiser, but an intelligent man requires only two thousand five
hundred."
		-- The Mahabharata


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

SCORPIO (October 24 - November 21)
	"Hard work never killed anybody, but why take the chance?" is your
motto.  You don't do much other than sleep, eat, down brewskis, and watch TV.
Your friends and family are constantly pestering you to clean up your act.
But it's OK, Scorpio.  A kick in the ass is at least one step forward.

SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21)
	You've been on a diet for two weeks and all you've lost is two weeks.
My advice is to drink copius amounts of beer just to get the thought of food
out of your mind.  Remember, a good reducing exercise consists of placing
both hands against the table edge and pushing back.

CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 - Jan 19)
	Remember that day you had one beer too many and did something
extremely foolish?  Now your friends are coming and going and your enemies
accumulating.  Cheer up!  All is not lost.  It's better to be hated for
what you are than loved for what you're not.


Save gas, don't eat beans.


Many people are secretly interested in life.


You are wise, witty, and wonderful,
but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.


I think the world would be a more peaceful place if people
could just keep their fingers out of the fortune files.
		-- Jordan K. Hubbard


Absent, adj.:
	Exposed to the attacks of friends and acquaintances; defamed;
slandered.


Be prepared... that's the Boy Scout's solemn creed.
Be prepared... to be clean in word and deed.
Don't solicit for your sister, that's not nice,
Unless you get a good percentage of her price ...
		-- Tom Lehrer


Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Working here is like a pregnancy.
After nine months you wish you hadn't come.


A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block
of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.


RAM wasn't built in a day.


The astronomer Francesco Sizi, a contemporary of Galileo, argues that
Jupiter can have no satellites:

	There are seven windows in the head, two nostrils, two ears, two
eyes, and a mouth; so in the heavens there are two favorable stars, two
unpropitious, two luminaries, and Mercury alone undecided and indifferent.
From which and many other similar phenomena of nature such as the seven
metals, etc., which it were tedious to enumerate, we gather that the number
of planets is necessarily seven. [...]
	Moreover, the satellites are invisible to the naked eye and
therefore can have no influence on the earth and therefore would be useless
and therefore do not exist.


QOTD:
	"I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance."


				SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT

Title:		Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Speaker:	Don "The Lion" Knuth

				ABSTRACT
	Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying
the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.  The problem
of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas
of computer science.  It has been shown that anything computable by an amphi-
bian community in a fixed-size pond is computable by a frog in the same-size
pond -- that is to say, frogs are Pond-space complete.  We will show that
there is a log-space, polywog-time reduction from any Turing machine program
to a frog.  We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable
functions.
	This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
	Refreshments will be served.  Music will be played.


From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.
That is the point that must be reached.
		-- F. Kafka


The human race has been fascinated by sharks for as long as I can remember.
Just like the bluebird feeding its young, or the spider struggling to weave
its perfect web, or the buttercup blooming in spring, the shark reveals to
us yet another of the infinite and wonderful facets of nature, namely the
facet that it can bite your head off.  This causes us humans to feel a
certain degree of awe.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


"No program is perfect,"
They said with a shrug.
"The customer's happy--
What's one little bug?"

But he was determined,			Then change two, then three more,
The others went home.			As year followed year.
He dug out the flow chart		And strangers would comment,
Deserted, alone.			"Is that guy still here?"

Night passed into morning.		He died at the console
The room was cluttered			Of hunger and thirst
With core dumps, source listings.	Next day he was buried
"I'm close," he muttered.		Face down, nine edge first.

Chain smoking, cold coffee,		And his wife through her tears
Logic, deduction.			Accepted his fate.
"I've got it!" he cried,		Said "He's not really gone,
"Just change one instruction."		He's just working late."
		-- The Perfect Programmer


Hi, I'm Preston A. Mantis, president of Consumers Retail Law Outlet.
As you can see by my suit and the fact that I have all these books of
equal height on the shelves behind me, I am a trained legal attorney.
Do you have a car or a job?  Do you ever walk around?  If so, you
probably have the makings of an excellent legal case.  Although of
course every case is different, I would definitely say that based on my
experience and training, there's no reason why you shouldn't come out
of this thing with at least a cabin cruiser.

Remember, at the Preston A. Mantis Consumers Retail Law Outlet, our
motto is:  "It is very difficult to disprove certain kinds of pain."
		-- Dave Barry, "Pain and Suffering"


Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
		-- Seneca


A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems
have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects,
those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are
the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.  Consider Unix,
APL, Pascal, Modula, the Smalltalk interface, even Fortran; and contrast them
with Cobol, PL/I, Algol, MVS/370, and MS-DOS.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.


`Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried,
	As he landed his crew with care;
Supporting each man on the top of the tide
	By a finger entwined in his hair.

`Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it twice:
	That alone should encourage the crew.
Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it thrice:
	What I tell you three times is true.'
		-- Lewis Carroll, "The Hunting of the Snark"


The dirty work at political conventions is almost always done in
the grim hours between midnight and dawn.  Hangmen and politicians
work best when the human spirit is at its lowest ebb.
		-- Russell Baker


		Double Bucky
	(Sung to the tune of "Rubber Duckie")

Double bucky, you're the one!
You make my keyboard lots of fun
	Double bucky, an additional bit or two:
(Vo-vo-de-o!)
Control and Meta side by side,
Augmented ASCII, nine bits wide!
	Double bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Double bucky, left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of
	Double bucky, I'm happy I heard of
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- Guy L. Steele, Jr., (C) 1978
		(to Nicholas Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		by screen editors.)


Objects are lost only because people
look where they are not rather than where they are.


Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.


When democracy granted democratic methods to us in times of opposition, this
was bound to happen in a democratic system.  However, we National Socialists
never asserted that we represented a democratic point of view, but we have
declared openly that we used the democratic methods only to gain power and
that, after assuming the power, we would deny to our adversaries without any
consideration the means which were granted to us in times of our opposition.
		-- Josef Goebbels


Q:	How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A:	9 edge down.


Hear about...
	the swinger who labeled his little black book "Future Shack"?


There's one fool at least in every married couple.


It may not be funny, but it's damned amusing!


NOTICE:

-- THE ELEVATORS WILL BE OUT OF ORDER TODAY --

(The nearest working elevator is in the building across the street.)


Don't be concerned, it will not harm you,
It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of,
Across my dreams, with neptive wonder,
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.


INTEREST:
	What borrowers pay, lenders receive, stockholders own, and
	burned out employees must feign.


HOGAN'S HEROES DRINKING GAME --
	Take a shot every time:

-- Sergeant Schultz says, "I knoooooowww nooooothing!"
-- General Burkhalter or Major Hochstetter intimidate/insult Colonel Klink.
-- Colonel Klink falls for Colonel Hogan's flattery.
-- One of the prisoners sneaks out of camp (one shot for each prisoner to go).
-- Colonel Klink snaps to attention after answering the phone (two shots
	if it's one of our heroes on the other end).
-- One of the Germans is threatened with being sent to the Russian front.
-- Corporal Newkirk calls up a German in his phoney German accent, and
	tricks him (two shots if it's Colonel Klink).
-- Hogan has a romantic interlude with a beautiful girl from the underground.
-- Colonel Klink relates how he's never had an escape from Stalag 13.
-- Sergeant Schultz gives up a secret (two shots if he's bribed with food).
-- The prisoners listen to the Germans' conversation by a hidden transmitter.
-- Sergeant Schultz "captures" one of the prisoners after an escape.
-- Lebeau pronounces "colonel" as "cuh-loh-`nell".
-- Carter builds some kind of device (two shots if it's not explosive).
-- Lebeau wears his apron.
-- Hogan says "We've got no choice" when the someone claims that the
	plan is impossible.
-- The prisoners capture an important German, and sneak him out the tunnel.


So do the noble fall.  For they are ever caught in a trap of their own making.
A trap -- walled by duty, and locked by reality.  Against the greater force
they must fall -- for, against that force they fight because of duty, because
of obligations.  And when the noble fall, the base remain.  The base -- whose
only purpose is the corruption of what the noble did protect.  Whose only
purpose is to destroy.  The noble: who, even when fallen, retain a vestige of
strength.  For theirs is a strength born of things other than mere force.
Theirs is a strength supreme... theirs is the strength -- to restore.
		-- Gerry Conway, "Thor", #193


You are confused; but this is your normal state.


There are strange things done in the midnight sun
	By the men who moil for gold;
The Arctic trails have their secret tales
	That would make your blood run cold;
The Northern Lights have seen queer sights,
	But the queerest they ever did see
Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge
	I cremated Sam McGee.
		-- Robert W. Service


If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and
over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.


A beautiful woman is a blessing from Heaven, but a good cigar is a smoke.
		-- Kipling


Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.


I've finally learned what "upward compatible" means.
It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.
		-- Dennie van Tassel


Has the great art and mystery of politics no apparent utility? Does it
appear to be unqualifiedly ratty, raffish, sordid, obscene and low down,
and its salient virtuosi a gang of unmitigated scoundrels?  Then let us
not forget its high capacity to soothe and tickle the midriff, its
incomparable services as a maker of entertainment.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"


Just how difficult it is to write biography can be reckoned by anybody
who sits down and considers just how many people know the real truth
about his or her love affairs.
		-- Rebecca West


If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?


Interfere?  Of course we should interfere!  Always do what you're
best at, that's what I say.
		-- "Doctor Who"


Diogenes, having abandoned his search for
truth, is now searching for a good fantasy.


What is love but a second-hand emotion?
		-- Tina Turner


CONSULTANT:
	(1) Someone you pay to take the watch off your wrist and tell
	you what time it is. (2) (For resume use) The working title
	of anyone who doesn't currently hold a job. Motto: Have
	Calculator, Will Travel.


A woman did what a woman had to, the best way she knew how.
To do more was impossible, to do less, unthinkable.
		-- Dirisha, "The Man Who Never Missed"


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.  The Greeks
never said it was sweet to die for anything.  They had no vital lies.
		-- Edith Hamilton, "The Greek Way"


What's page one, a preemptive strike?
		-- Professor Freund, Communication, Ramapo State College


He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


The rights and interests of the laboring man will be protected and cared
for not by our labor agitators, but by the Christian men to whom God in his
infinite wisdom has given control of property interests of the country, and
upon the successful management of which so much remains.
		-- George F. Baer, railroad industrialist


Eighty percent of married men cheat in America.  The rest cheat in Europe.
		-- Jackie Mason


By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began
to suspect "Hungry" ...
		-- Gary Larson, "The Far Side"


Scientists still know less about what attracts men
than they do about what attracts mosquitoes.
		-- Dr. Joyce Brothers,
		   "What Every Woman Should Know About Men"


They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"


The office brown-noser named Bunky
Would claim he was nobody's flunky.
	But when the chips were all down,
	His proboscis was brown,
And there hung many strands which were gunky.


Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.


The Law of the Perversity of Nature:
	You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.


The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"


You will be held hostage by a radical group.


Q:	Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
A:	To conform with departmental regulations concerning uniform dress.


Wanna tell you all a story 'bout a man named Jed,
A poor mountaineer, barely kept his family fed.
But then one day he was shootin' at some food,
When up through the ground come a bubblin' crude -- oil, that is;
	black gold; "Texas tea" ...

Well the next thing ya know, old Jed's a millionaire.
The kinfolk said, "Jed, move away from there!"
They said, "Californy is the place ya oughta be",
So they loaded up the truck and they moved to Beverly -- Hills, that is;
	swimmin' pools; movie stars.


People who have no faults are terrible;
there is no way of taking advantage of them.


At the hospital, a doctor is training an intern on how to announce bad news
to the patients.  The doctor tells the intern "This man in 305 is going to
die in six months.  Go in and tell him."  The intern boldly walks into the
room, over to the man's bedside and tells him "Seems like you're gonna die!"
The man has a heart attack and is rushed into surgery on the spot.  The doctor
grabs the intern and screams at him, "What!?!? are you some kind of moron?
You've got to take it easy, work your way up to the subject.  Now this man in
213 has about a week to live.  Go in and tell him, but, gently, you hear me,
gently!"
	The intern goes softly into the room, humming to himself, cheerily
opens the drapes to let the sun in, walks over to the man's bedside, fluffs
his pillow and wishes him a "Good morning!"  "Wonderful day, no?  Say...
guess who's going to die soon!"


Q:	What do a blonde and your computer have in common?
A:	You don't know how much either of them mean to you until
	they go down on you.

Q:	What's the advantage to being married to a blonde?
A:	You can park in the handicapped zone.

Q:	Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw
	puzzle in only 6 months?
A:	Because on the box it said "From 2-4 years".


After a few boring years, socially meaningful rock 'n' roll died out.
It was replaced by disco, which offers no guidance to any form of life
more advanced than the lichen family.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"


And if sometime, somewhere, someone asketh thee,
"Who kilt thee?", tell them it 'twas the Doones of Bagworthy!


Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.


I once met a lassie named Ruth
In a long distance telephone booth.
	Now I know the perfection
	Of an ideal connection
Even if somewhat uncouth.


How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.


Q:	What's the contour integral around Western Europe?
A:	Zero, because all the Poles are in Eastern Europe!

Addendum: Actually, there ARE some Poles in Western Europe, but they
	are removable!

Q:	An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his
	very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God?
A:	Yes, up to isomorphism!

Q:	What is a compact city?
A:	It's a city that can be guarded by finitely many near-sighted
	policemen!
		-- Peter Lax


A man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there himself.
		-- Du Bois


The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed,
a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
		-- Mike Smith


You can get more of what you want with a kind word and a gun than you
can with just a kind word.
		-- Bumper Sticker


Don't just eat a hamburger; eat the HELL out of it.
		-- J. R. "Bob" Dobbs


Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF


...whether it is better to spend a life not knowing what you want or to
spend a life knowing exactly what you want and that you will never have it.
		-- Richard Shelton


Between the idea
And the reality
Between the motion
And the act
Falls the Shadow
		-- T. S. Eliot, "The Hollow Man"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system service dispatching.]


A real estate agent, looking over a farmer's house for possible sale,
commented to the farmer how sturdy the house looked.
	The farmer replied, "Yep, built it with my bare hands... did it
the hard way.  The steps to the front door, here, carved 'em out of
field stones... did it the hard way.  That hardwood floor in the living
room, dovetailed the pieces myself... did it the hard way.  The ceiling
beams, made 'em out of my own oak trees... did it the hard way."
	Just then, the farmer's gorgeous daughter walked in.  The farmer
looks over at the real estate agent who is trying not to stare too
obviously and smiles.  "Yep... standing up in a canoe."


VIRGINIA:
	A group of beautifully mounted hunters galloping behind
	baying hounds in pursuit of a union organizer.


I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have
gotten the hostages released.  I thank God they were satisfied with the
missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
		-- Oliver North


Cried Miss Pratt: "What are you staring at?
I know - you don't have to say that!
	All you guys want of me
	Is a poke where I pee,
And it's pounding my ass mighty flat!"


Most women look for a man who is tall, dark and hung some.


Hypocrisy is the Vaseline of social intercourse.


There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who
constantly divide the people of the world into two classes and those
who do not.
		-- Robert Benchley


Nothing is more quiet than the sound of hair going grey.


Q:	Why can't Hellen Keller have children?
A:	Because she's dead.


It's a damn poor mind that can only think of one way to spell a word.
		-- Andrew Jackson


He who trains his tongue to quote the learned
sages, will be known far and wide as a smart ass.
		-- Howard Kandel


If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.


Hear about...
	the secretary that got fired because she had one too mini?


Live from New York ... It's Saturday Night!


You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
		-- Joe Valachi


I bet you think you're pretty cool driving around without auto insurance.
You're probably saying to yourself, "I'm beating the system."  But what's
going to happen when you get pulled over and lose your license because
you're not insured.  What girl's going to ride shotgun on a ten-speed on
a Saturday Night?  Yeah, you're going to be beating more than the system...
		-- auto insurance ad, heard on KNAC, Long Beach


