Carson's Consolation:
	Nothing is ever a complete failure.
	It can always be used as a bad example.


You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.


And this is good old Boston,
The home of the bean and the cod,
Where the Lowells talk only to Cabots,
And the Cabots talk only to God.


	Well, there was this tiger, who woke up one morning, and just
felt great (yes, just like Tony the Tiger: GREAAAAAAT).  Anyway,
he just felt so good, he went out and cornered a small monkey and
roared at him: "WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE ANIMALS?"
	And this poor quaking little monkey replied: "You are of
course, no one is mightier than you."
	A little while later this tiger confronts a deer, and just
bellows out: "WHO IS THE GREATEST AND STRONGEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE
ANIMALS?"
	The deer is shaking so hard it can barely speak, but manages
to stammer: "Oh great tiger, you are by far the mightiest animal in the
jungle."
	The tiger, being on a roll, swaggered, up to an elephant that
was quietly munching on some weeds, and roared at the top of his voice:
"WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE ANIMALS IN THE JUNGLE?"  Well, this
elephant grabs the tiger with his trunk, picks him up, slams him down;
picks him up again, and shakes him until the tiger is just a blur of
orange and black; and finally throws him violently into a nearby tree.
The tiger staggers to his feet and looks at the elephant and says:
"Man, just because you don't know the answer, you don't have to get so
pissed."


Conscience is defined as the thing that hurts
when everything else feels great.


Unix, n.:
	A computer operating system, once thought to be flabby and
	impotent, that now shows a surprising interest in making off
	with the workstation harem.


Progress is impossible without change, and those who
cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


You are not permitted to kill a woman who has wronged you, but nothing
forbids you to reflect that she is growing older every minute.  You are
avenged fourteen hundred and forty times a day.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of
paper until drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler


Only the fittest survive. The vanquished acknowledge their unworthiness by
placing a classified ad with the ritual phrase "must sell -- best offer,"
and thereafter dwell in infamy, relegated to discussing gas mileage and lawn
food.  But if successful, you join the elite sodality that spends hours
unpurifying the dialect of the tribe with arcane talk of bits and bytes, RAMS
and ROMS, hard disks and baud rates. Are you obnoxious, obsessed?  It's a
modest price to pay.  For you have tapped into the same awesome primal power
that produces credit-card billing errors and lost plane reservations.  Hail,
postindustrial warrior, subduer of Bounceoids, pride of the cosmos, keeper of
the silicone creed: Computo, ergo sum.  The force is with you -- at 110 volts.
May your RAMS be fruitful and multiply.
		-- Curt Suplee, "Smithsonian", 4/83


I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British.


Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.


The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important
point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly
important thing to people.
		-- Donald N. Smith, president of Burger King


Morton's Law:
	If rats are experimented upon, they will develop cancer.


Watership Down:
You've read the book.  You've seen the movie.  Now eat the stew!


... difference of opinion is advantageous in religion.  The several sects
perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.  Is uniformity
attainable?  Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the
introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned;
yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
		-- Thomas Jefferson, "Notes on Virginia"


	A man goes to a tailor to try on a new custom-made suit.  The
first thing he notices is that the arms are too long.
	"No problem," says the tailor.  "Just bend them at the elbow
and hold them out in front of you.  See, now it's fine."
	"But the collar is up around my ears!"
	"It's nothing.  Just hunch your back up a little ... no, a
little more ... that's it."
	"But I'm stepping on my cuffs!"  the man cries in desperation.
	"Nu, bend you knees a little to take up the slack.  There you
go.  Look in the mirror -- the suit fits perfectly."
	So, twisted like a pretzel, the man lurches out onto the
street.  Reba and Florence see him go by.
	"Oh, look," says Reba, "that poor man!"
	"Yes," says Florence, "but what a beautiful suit."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!


The perfect man is the true partner.  Not a bed partner nor a fun partner,
but a man who will shoulder burdens equally with [you] and possess that
quality of joy.
		-- Erica Jong


A New Way of Taking Pills
	A physician one night in Wisconsin being disturbed by a burglar, and
having no ball or shot for his pistol, noiselessly loaded the weapon with
small, hard pills, and gave the intruder a "prescription" which he thinks
will go far towards curing the rascal of a very bad ailment.
		-- Nevada Morning Transcript, January 30, 1861


Man and wife make one fool.


Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T. K.


It was his third marriage and her fourth.  He was quite surprised when on
their honeymoon she pleaded, "Please be gentle, I'm still a virgin."
	"Darling, what do you mean you're still a virgin?  You've been
married three times."
	"Yes, but they all worked for DEC.  The first was a salesman,
and all he ever did was promise how good it would be.  The second was one
of their software hacks, he told me to take care of it myself.  And the
third was a field service representative, and he kept promising that it
would be up in 15 minutes.


I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the
year.  I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.  The
Spirits of all Three shall strive within me.  I will not shut out
the lessons that they teach.  Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the
writing on this stone!
		-- Charles Dickens


A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions
your wife asks you for nothing.
		-- Joey Adams


I'm not laughing behind your back; everything funny is in front!
		-- Rodney Dangerfield's wife


Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're
alive.
		-- John Sloan


She asked me, "What's your sign?"
I blinked and answered "Neon,"
I thought I'd blow her mind...


Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
		-- Socrates' last words


Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening.
See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	He was giving it last rites.


I didn't know it was impossible when I did it.


War is an equal opportunity destroyer.


In Denver it is unlawful to lend your vacuum cleaner to your next-door
neighbor.


Youth -- not a time of life but a state of mind... a predominance of
courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease.
		-- Robert F. Kennedy


Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not
tried it.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


	"Don't come back until you have him", the Tick-Tock Man said quietly,
sincerely, extremely dangerously.
	They used dogs.  They used probes.  They used cardio plate crossoffs.
They used teepers.  They used bribery.  They used stick tites.  They used
intimidation.  They used torment.  They used torture.  They used finks.
They used cops.  They used search and seizure.  They used fallaron.  They
used betterment incentives.  They used finger prints.  They used the
bertillion system.  They used cunning.  They used guile.  They used treachery.
They used Raoul-Mitgong but he wasn't much help.  They used applied physics.
They used techniques of criminology.  And what the hell, they caught him.
		-- Harlan Ellison, "Repent, Harlequin, said the Tick-Tock Man"


Roses on your piano isn't nearly as good as tulips on your organ.


I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.  I don't see why
I should have to believe in it in this one.
		-- Strange de Jim


Millions of sensible people are too high-minded to concede that politics is
almost always the choice of the lesser evil.  "Tweedledum and Tweedledee,"
they say.  "I will not vote."  Having abstained, they are presented with a
President who appoints the people who are going to rummage around in their
lives for the next four years.  Consider all the people who sat home in a
stew in 1968 rather than vote for Hubert Humphrey.  They showed Humphrey.
Those people who taught Hubert Humphrey a lesson will still be enjoying the
Nixon Supreme Court when Tricia and Julie begin to find silver threads among
the gold and the black.
		-- Russel Baker, "Ford without Flummery"


My My, hey hey
Rock and roll is here to stay	The king is gone but he's not forgotten
It's better to burn out		This is the story of a Johnny Rotten
Than to fade away		It's better to burn out than it is to rust
My my, hey hey			The king is gone but he's not forgotten

It's out of the blue and into the black		Hey hey, my my
They give you this, but you pay for that	Rock and roll can never die
And once you're gone you can never come back	There's more to the picture
When you're out of the blue			Than meets the eye
And into the black
		-- Neil Young
		   "My My, Hey Hey (Out of the Blue), Rust Never Sleeps"


Just what does "it" mean in the sentence, "What time is it?"


If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?


Please forgive me if, in the heat of battle,
I sometimes forget which side I'm on.


Everything you read in newspapers is absolutely true, except for that
rare story of which you happen to have first-hand knowledge.
		-- Erwin Knoll


Tourists -- have some fun with New York's hard-boiled cabbies.  When you
get to your destination, say to your driver, "Pay?  I was hitch-hiking."
		-- David Letterman


If you suspect a man, don't employ him.


... a thing called Ethics, whose nature was confusing but if you had it you
were a High-Class Realtor and if you hadn't you were a shyster, a piker and
a fly-by-night.  These virtues awakened Confidence and enabled you to handle
Bigger Propositions.  But they didn't imply that you were to be impractical
and refuse to take twice the value for a house if a buyer was such an idiot
that he didn't force you down on the asking price.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Babbitt"


Chisolm's First Corollary to Murphy's Second Law:
	When things just can't possibly get any worse, they will.


Near the Studio Jean Cocteau
On the Rue des Ecoles
lived an old man
with a blind dog
Every evening I would see him
guiding the dog along
the sidewalk, keeping
a firm grip on the leash
so that the dog wouldn't
run into a passerby
Sometimes the dog would stop
and look up at the sky
Once the old man
noticed me watching the dog
and he said, "Oh, yes,
this one knows
when the moon is out,
he can feel it on his face"
		-- Barry Gifford


Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.


Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
		-- Anonymous


semper en excretus


Thou hast seen nothing yet.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


The solution of this problem is trivial
and is left as an exercise for the reader.


Reality always seems harsher in the early morning.


The qotc (quote of the con) was Liz's:
	"My brain is paged out to my liver"


You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.


Allen's Axiom:
	When all else fails, read the instructions.


Does he treat your breasts like unripe grapefruit?  Who needs him?
		-- J, "The Sensuous Woman"


Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.


Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid;
Open it and you remove all doubt.


The bank sent our statement this morning,
The red ink was a sight of great awe!
Their figures and mine might have balanced,
But my wife was too quick on the draw.


The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a
soda can, which, when discarded will last forever -- and a $7,000 car
which, when properly cared for, will rust out in two or three years.


Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't.
The label means the price went up.
The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW"
means the price went way up.


Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
		-- Harry Emerson Fosdick


IF I HAD A MINE SHAFT, I don't think I would just abandon it.  There's
got to be a better way.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


	Friends were surprised, indeed, when Frank and Jennifer broke their
engagement, but Frank had a ready explanation: "Would you marry someone who
was habitually unfaithful, who lied at every turn, who was selfish and lazy
and sarcastic?"
	"Of course not," said a sympathetic friend.
	"Well," retorted Frank, "neither would Jennifer."


White's Statement:
	Don't lose heart!

Owen's Commentary on White's Statement:
	...they might want to cut it out...

Byrd's Addition to Owen's Commentary:
	...and they want to avoid a lengthy search.


Kramer's Law:
	You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.


Do your otters do the shimmy?
Do they like to shake their tails?
Do your wombats sleep in tophats?
Is your garden full of snails?


It's better to burn out than to fade away.


LETTERS TO THE EDITOR (The Times of London)

Dear Sir,

I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or
to the office.  We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in
public places.  They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result
in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn
will cause massive unemployment in the already severely depressed
agricultural industry.

Yours faithfully,
	Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J. P.
	Sevenoaks


Hear that...
	those new edible candy pants are about to be distributed in a male
	version -- with nuts of course?


My life is a soap opera, but who has the rights?
		-- MadameX


Credit ... is the only enduring testimonial to man's confidence in man.
		-- James Blish


QOTD:
	"Flash!  Flash!  I love you! ...but we only have fourteen hours to
	save the earth!"


Q:	Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks?
A:	It takes too long to retrain them.

Q:	What's the mating call of the brunette?
A:	All the blondes have gone home!

Q:	How do you tell if a blonde's been using the computer?
A:	There's white-out on the screen.


Paycheck, n.:
	The weekly $5.27 that remains after deductions for federal
	withholding, state withholding, city withholding, FICA,
	medical/dental, long-term disability, unemployment insurance,
	Christmas Club, and payroll savings plan contributions.


I go the way that Providence dictates.
		-- Adolf Hitler


On an isolated stretch of beach near Cannes, a beautiful French girl threw
herself into the sea and drowned despite a young man's attempt to save her.
The man dragged the half-nude body ashore and left it on the sand while he
went to notify the authorities.  Upon his return, he was horrified to find
a man making love to the corpse.
	"Monsieur, monsieur," he shouted, "that woman is dead,
that woman is dead!"
	"Sacre bleu," exclaimed the man, springing up.
"I thought she was an American!"


A beginning is the time for taking the
most delicate care that balances are correct.
		-- Princess Irulan, "Manual of Maud'Dib"


One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.


I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd
listen to it!
		-- Tom Galloway with apologies to Voltaire


A good marriage would be between a blind wife and deaf husband.
		-- Michel de Montaigne


Gay shlafen: Yiddish for "go to sleep".

	Now doesn't "gay shlafen" have a softer, more soothing sound
than the harsh, staccato "go to sleep"?  Listen to the difference:
	"Go to sleep, you little wretch!" ... "Gay shlafen, darling."
Obvious, isn't it?
	Clearly the best thing you can do for you children is to start
speaking Yiddish right now and never speak another word of English as
long as you live.  This will, of course, entail teaching Yiddish to all
your friends, business associates, the people at the supermarket, and
so on, but that's just the point.  It has to start with committed
individuals and then grow ...
	Some minor adjustments will have to be made, of course: those
signs written in what look like Yiddish letters won't be funny when
everything is written in Yiddish.  And we'll have to start driving on
the left side of the road so we won't be reading the street signs
backwards.  But is that too high a price to pay for world peace?  I
think not, my friend, I think not.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before --
except our fingertips will have been singed.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982


A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen
objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer
scientists.  Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration
needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three dimensional objects.


Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about
telescopes.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


	"Well," said Programmer, "the customary procedure in such cases is
as follows."
	"What does Crustimoney Proseedcake mean?" said End-user.  "For I am
an End-user of Very Little Brain, and long words bother me."
	"It means the Thing to Do."
	"As long as it means that, I don't mind," said End-user humbly.


To do two things at once is to do neither.
		-- Publilius Syrus


A kiss is a course of procedure, cunningly devised,
for the mutual stoppage of speech at a moment when
words are superfluous.


America is a melting pot.  You know, where those on the bottom get burned,
and the scum rises to the top.
		-- Utah Phillips


It is not enough to have a good mind.
The main thing is to use it well.
		-- Rene Descartes


Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants


You can observe a lot just by watching.
		-- Yogi Berra


You may my glories and my state dispose,
But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


Three gay guys were discussing what they thought their favorite sport would
be.  The first decides on football, 'cause of all those gorgeous guys bending
over in their tight pants.
	"Definitely wrestling," sighs the second guy.  "Those skimpy little
costumes, and think of the holds."
	"Definitely baseball," says the third guy.  "Why?  Well, I'd be
pitching with the bases loaded, the batter would hit a savage one-hopper
right to me, I'd catch it, and I'd just stand there while the other guys
rounded the bases.  Meanwhile, the crowd would be going crazy, screaming,
`Throw the ball, you cocksucker!' and that's what I like -- recognition!"


After the game the king and the pawn go in the same box.
		-- Italian proverb


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to answer all of my "occupant" letters.
	-- None of my socks match.
	-- I'm having all my plants neutered.
	-- I changed the lock on my door and now I can't get out.
	-- My yucca plant is feeling yucky.
	-- I'm touring China with a wok band.
	-- My chocolate-appreciation class meets that night.
	-- I'm running off to Yugoslavia with a foreign-exchange student
		named Basil Metabolism.
	-- There are important world issues that need worrying about.
	-- I'm going to count the bristles in my toothbrush.
	-- I prefer to remain an enigma.
	-- I think you want the OTHER Peggy/Cathy/Mike/whomever.
	-- I feel a song coming on.


How come if you're horny it's lust, but if she's horny it's affection?


It isn't whether you win or lose, it's how much money you end up with.
		-- Jack T. Shakespeare


Twenty years of romance make a woman look like a ruin; but
twenty years of marriage make her something like a public building.
		-- Wilde


To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser


Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.
		-- Nelson Algren


One good reason why computers can do more work than
people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.


	Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermont noted
in January, 1966, "I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.  I think we need more
owls."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


Tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die.


Stone's Law:
	One man's "simple" is another man's "huh?"


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not there
should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los Angeles
to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded and some
virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some cases the crowded
and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of each other.  Obviously
many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together. Buying more beaches that
people won't go to because they prefer to be crowded together on one beach
is a ridiculous waste of our natural resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


A fool must now and then be right by chance.


You can't teach people to be lazy --
either they have it, or they don't.
		-- Dagwood Bumstead


TAURUS (Apr. 20 to May 20)
	Let your self-confidence and determination shine, and people will
	find you boorish and headstrong.  Travel, promotion, and romance
	highlighted, if you live long enough.  Don't take any wooden nickels.


Programmers do it until it goes down.


Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.


Isn't it ironic that many men spend a great part of their lives
avoiding marriage while single-mindedly pursuing those things that
would make them better prospects?


Because the wine remembers.


Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
lied.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"


My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.


Biology is the only science in which
multiplication means the same thing as division.


Q:	What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"?
A:	About three inches.


Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
		-- Socrates' last words


	"Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart."
	"Oh, yeah?  What's he look like?"
	"Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and
paper boots."
	"What's he wanted for?"
	"Rustling."


We are so fond of each other because our ailments are the same.
		-- Jonathan Swift


Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *_c_a_n*
you believe?!
		-- Bullwinkle J. Moose [Jay Ward]


LIGHTHOUSE:
	A tall building on the seashore in which the government
	maintains a lamp and the friend of a politician.


Nitwit ideas are for emergencies.  You use them when you've got nothing
else to try.  If they work, they go in the Book.  Otherwise you follow
the Book, which is largely a collection of nitwit ideas that worked.
		-- Larry Niven, "The Mote in God's Eye"


Many people would rather die than think; in fact, most do.
		-- Bertrand Russell


I'm an artist.
But it's not what I really want to do.
What I really want to do is be a shoe salesman.
I know what you're going to say --
"Dreamer!  Get your head out of the clouds."
All right!  But it's what I want to do.
Instead I have to go on painting all day long.

The world should make a place for shoe salesmen.
		-- J. Feiffer


Philogyny recapitulates erogeny; erogeny recapitulates philogyny.


Today is gonna be one helluva week!


Sauron is alive in Argentina!


May Allah blow sand in your Preparation H.


God wanted to have a holiday, so He asked St. Peter for suggestions on
where to go.
	"Why not go to Jupiter?" asked St. Peter.
	"No, too much gravity, too much stomping around," said God.
	"Well, how about Mercury?"
	"No, it's too hot there."
	"Okay," said St. Peter, "What about Earth?"
	"No," said God, "They're such horrible gossips.  When I was
there 2000 years ago, I had an affair with a Jewish woman, and they're
still talking about it."


Bernard Shaw is an excellent man; he has not an enemy in the world, and
none of his friends like him either.
		-- Oscar Wilde


It was on the tip of my tongue to tell them about the deer, but I ended up
not doing it.  That was one thing I kept to myself.  I've never spoken or
written of it until just now, today.  And I have to tell you that it seems
a lesser thing written down, damn near inconsequential.  But for me it was
the best part of that trip, the cleanest part, and it was a moment I found
myself returning to, almost helplessly, when there was trouble in my life --
my first day in the bush in Vietnam, and this fellow walked into the clearing
where we were with his hand over his nose and when he took his hand away there
was no nose there because it had been shot off; the time the doctor told us
our youngest son might be hydrocephalic (he turned out just to have an
oversized head, thank God); the long crazy weeks before my mother died.  I
would find my thoughts turning back to that morning, the scuffed suede of
her ears, the white flash of her tail.  But eight hundred million Red Chinese
don't give a shit, right?  The most important things are the hardest to say,
because words diminish them.  It's hard to make strangers care about the
good things in your life.
		-- Stephen King, "The Body"


Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
		-- Randy Goebel


The reason why worry kills more people
than work is that more people worry than work.


Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.


Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets
people's attention.


The man who understands one woman is
qualified to understand pretty well everything.
		-- Yeats


I never did give anybody hell.  I just told the truth and they thought
it was hell.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Ken Thompson has an automobile which he helped design.  Unlike most
automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gauge, nor any of the
numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver.  Rather, if the
driver makes any mistake, a giant "?" lights up in the center of the
dashboard.  "The experienced driver", he says, "will usually know
what's wrong."


A Nixon [is preferable to] a Dean Rusk -- who will be passionately
wrong with a high sense of consistency.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your
program doesn't deliver it.


Evening hours "all clear" for romance!
(Tell mate you have to work late.)


It is only the man whose intellect is clouded by his sexual impulse that
could give the name of the fair sex to that undersized, narrow-shouldered,
broad-hipped, and short-legged race.
		-- Schopenhauer


Have you heard of knock-kneed Samuel McGuzzum
Who married Samantha, his bow-legged cousin?
	Some people say,
	Love finds a way,
But for Sam and Samantha it doesn'.


Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on earth.
		-- John Lyly


We're living in a golden age.  All you need is gold.
		-- D. W. Robertson


Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.


Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.  It knows it must run faster
than the fastest lion or it will be killed.  Every morning a lion wakes up.
It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death.
It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes
up, you'd better be running.


The one sure way to make a lazy man look
respectable is to put a fishing rod in his hand.


DATA:
	An accrual of straws on the backs of theories.


jake hates
	  all the girls(the
shy ones, the bold		paul scorns all
ones; the meek				       the girls(the
proud sloppy sleek)		bright ones, the dim
all except the cold		ones; the slim
		   ones		plump tiny tall)
				all except the
					      dull ones
gus loves all the
		 girls(the
warped ones, the lamed		mike likes all the girls
ones; the mad						(the
moronic maimed)			fat ones, the lean
all except			ones; the mean
	  the dead ones		kind dirty clean)
				all
				   except the green ones
		-- e. e. cummings


Let's just say that where a change was required, I adjusted.  In every
relationship that exists, people have to seek a way to survive.  If you
really care about the person, you do what's necessary, or that's the end.
For the first time, I found that I really could change, and the qualities
I most admired in myself I gave up.  I stopped being loud and bossy...
Oh, all right.  I was still loud and bossy, but only behind his back."
		-- Kate Hepburn, on Tracy and Hepburn


CREDITOR:
	A man who has a better memory than a debtor.


In Minnesota they ask why all football fields in Iowa have artificial turf.
It's so the cheerleaders won't graze during the game.


Slow day.
Practice crawling.


Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
		-- F. M. Hubbard


Smoking Prohibited.  Absolutely no ifs, ands, or butts.


No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
		-- Quintus Ennius


Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish.  Don't overdo it.
		-- Lao Tsu


You prefer the company of the opposite
sex, but are well liked by your own.


It is better to wear chains than to believe you are free,
and weight yourself down with invisible chains.


Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.


In a great romance, each person basically plays a part that the
other really likes.
		-- Elizabeth Ashley


You can write a small letter to Grandma in the filename.
		-- Forbes Burkowski, Computer Science 454,
		   University of Washington


Many of the convicted thieves Parker has met began their
life of crime after taking college Computer Science courses.
		-- Roger Rapoport, "Programs for Plunder", Omni, March 1981


It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.


World tensions have, if anything, increased in the quarter century
since H. G. Wells uttered his glum warning:  "There is no more evil
thing on earth than race prejudice, none at all.  I write deliberately
-- it is the worst single thing in life now.  It justifies and holds
together more baseness, cruelty and abomination than any other sort of
error in the world."
		-- Sydney Harris


GRASSHOPPOTAMUS:
	A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.


Charity begins at home.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)


Young men, hear an old man to whom
old men hearkened when he was young.
		-- Augustus Caesar


Love is never asking why?


Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
		-- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.


When you meet a master swordsman,
show him your sword.
When you meet a man who is not a poet,
do not show him your poem.
		-- Rinzai, ninth century Zen master


The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents,
and the second half by our children.
		-- Clarence Darrow


