Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...
and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
		-- Wernher von Braun


Princeton's taste is sweet like a strawberry tart.  Harvard's is a subtle
taste, like whiskey, coffee, or tobacco.  It may even be a bad habit, for
all I know.
		-- Prof. J. H. Finley '25


It is impossible to make anything
foolproof because fools are so ingenious.


You're working under a slight handicap.
You happen to be human.


The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


Today's thrilling story has been brought to you by Mushies, the great new
cereal that gets soggy even without milk or cream.  Join us soon for more
spectacular adventure starring...  Tippy, the Wonder Dog!
		-- Bob & Ray


My own feelings are perhaps best described by saying that I am
perfectly aware that there is no Royal Road to Mathematics, in other
words, that I have only a very small head and must live with it.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the
system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed,
analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
		-- Bruce Leverett,
		   "Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers"


"But I don't want to go on the cart..."
"Oh, don't be such a baby!"
"But I'm feeling much better..."
"No you're not... in a moment you'll be stone dead!"
		-- Monty Python, "The Holy Grail"


Vatican upholds ban on contraceptives: "To heir is humane," claims the Pope.


Congratulations!

Some products leave home silently, some go kicking and screaming.  If
v1.0 was the first born who came downstairs with shoes untied missing
a sock and a belt, then this one was a full fledged punk rocker
with neon hair and multiple piercings.  I believe we squeezed it into
a suit and tie and brought its color back to an earth tone before it
left.

		-- An HP engineering project manager who shall remain
		   nameless to the development team after releasing
		   the second version of their product.


I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around
with his secretary.  If it's somebody else's secretary, fine.
		-- Barry Goldwater


INTOXICATED:
	When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.


Anything is good and useful if it's made of chocolate.


We can embody the truth, but we cannot know it.
		-- Yates


The whole world is a scab.  The point is to pick it constructively.
		-- Peter Beard


Come along and sing a song and join our family.
B & D
S & M
Post to A.S.B.!
Rope and leather, cuffs and cats, and toys from JTT.
B & D
S & M
Post to A.S.B.!
A.S.B.!
	(A.S.B.!)
A.S.B.!
	(A.S.B.!)
Come on now, let's try another tie!
	(Tie! Tie! Tie!)
All the kinky folks are here, and some on IRC.
B & D
S & M
Post on A.S.B.!
		-- To the Mickey Mouse March


Like an expensive sports car, fine-tuned and well-built, Portia was sleek,
shapely, and gorgeous, her red jumpsuit moulding her body, which was as warm
as seatcovers in July, her hair as dark as new tires, her eyes flashing like
bright hubcaps, and her lips as dewy as the beads of fresh rain on the hood;
she was a woman driven -- fueled by a single accelerant -- and she needed a
man, a man who wouldn't shift from his views, a man to steer her along the
right road: a man like Alf Romeo.
		-- Rachel Sheeley, winner

The hair ball blocking the drain of the shower reminded Laura she would never
see her little dog Pritzi again.
		-- Claudia Fields, runner-up

It could have been an organically based disturbance of the brain -- perhaps a
tumor or a metabolic deficiency -- but after a thorough neurological exam it
was determined that Byron was simply a jerk.
		-- Jeff Jahnke, runner-up

Winners in the 7th Annual Bulwer-Lytton Bad Writing Contest.  The contest is
named after the author of the immortal lines:  "It was a dark and stormy
night."  The object of the contest is to write the opening sentence of the
worst possible novel.


Thank God for the Duchess of Gloucester,
She obliges all who accost her.
	She welcomes the prick
	Of Tom, Harry or Dick,
Or Baldwin, or even Lord Astor.


Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?  Is it something I said?
		-- Tom Ryan


We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
		-- Ray Bradbury


Oh, ya doesn't have ta call me "Johnson"!  Well, you can call me "Ray", or
you can call me "Jay", or you can call me "R. J.", or you can call me "Ray
J.", or you can call me "R. J. J.", or you can call me "Ray J. Johnson", or
you can call me "R. J. Johnson", but ya DOESN'T have to call me "Johnson" ...


New England Life, of course.  Why do you ask?


Well buggered was a boy named Delpasse
By all of the lads in his class
	He said, with a yawn,
	"Now the novelty's gone
And it's only a pain in the ass."


A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
		-- Clare Booth Luce, quoted in "The Wit of Women"


He who is content with his lot probably has a lot.


Seeing is deceiving.  It's eating that's believing.
		-- James Thurber


When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half
loop?


Today's scientific question is: What in the world is electricity?

And where does it go after it leaves the toaster?
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.


The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
		-- Maurice Chapelain, "Main courante"


The church is near but the road is icy,
the bar is far away but I will walk carefully.
		-- Russian Proverb


Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.


The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on
weather forecasters.
		-- Jean-Paul Kauffmann


If God had intended Man to Smoke, He would have set him on Fire.


Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely
want to help you could agree with each other?


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


When his company fell on hard times, the boss realized that he'd have to
lay off one of his two middle managers.  As both Jack and Liz were equally
honest and dedicated to their jobs, he was unable to decide which one to
fire.  To resolve his dilemma, the boss arbitrarily decided that the first
to leave his or her desk the next morning would be the one to get the ax.
	The next morning found Liz at her desk, rubbing her temples.  Asking
Jack for some aspirin, she headed for the water fountain and that's where
the boss caught up with her.  "I've got some bad news for you, Liz," he said.
"I've got to lay you or Jack off."
	"Jack off," she snapped.  "I have a headache."


If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble
then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real
harm.


No man is useless who has a friend,
and if we are loved we are indispensable.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


If the grass is greener on other side of fence,
consider what may be fertilizing it.


For what it's worth, if you -can- get Michelle Pfeiffer to model
a latex daemon suit for the catalog, I strongly suggest you do.
Breasts can sell anything. Shiny red latex body suits start
religions.
		-- Brian McGroarty <bvmcg@yahoo.com>


Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it.
		-- Heisenberg


A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets
people's attention.


LEO (July 23 - Aug 22)
	Your determination and sense of humor will come to the fore.  Your
	ability to laugh at adversity will be a blessing because you've got
	a day coming you wouldn't believe.  As a matter of fact, if you can
	laugh at what happens to you today, you've got a sick sense of humor.


A friend of mine received a note through the mail advising him,
	"If you don't stop making love to my wife, I'll kill you."
The trouble is, the note wasn't signed.


True leadership is the art of changing
a group from what it is to what it ought to be.
		-- Virginia Allan


What is the sound of one hand clapping?


	If you're like most homeowners, you're afraid that many repairs
around your home are too difficult to tackle.  So, when your furnace
explodes, you call in a so-called professional to fix it.  The
"professional" arrives in a truck with lettering on the sides and
deposits a large quantity of tools and two assistants who spend the
better part of the week in your basement whacking objects at random
with heavy wrenches, after which the "professional" returns and gives
you a bill for slightly more money than it would cost you to run a
successful campaign for the U.S. Senate.
	And that's why you've decided to start doing things yourself.
You figure, "If those guys can fix my furnace, then so can I.  How
difficult can it be?"
	Very difficult.  In fact, most home projects are impossible,
which is why you should do them yourself.  There is no point in paying
other people to screw things up when you can easily screw them up
yourself for far less money.  This article can help you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
		-- Helen Keller


Software, n.:
	Formal evening attire for female computer analysts.


You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.


Neurotics build castles in the sky,
Psychotics live in them,
And psychiatrists collect the rent.


Sattinger's Law:
	It works better if you plug it in.


Behold the unborn fetus and
	Weep salt tears crocodilian;
All life is sacred (save, of course,
	An enemy civilian).


The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
		-- John McNulty


Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes?
[Who guards the Guardians?]


Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.


PPRB -- Pillage, plunder, rape and burn.


There is a natural hootchy-kootchy to a goldfish.
		-- Walt Disney


	A lawyer named Strange was shopping for a tombstone.  After he had
made his selection, the stonecutter asked him what inscription he
would like on it.  "Here lies an honest man and a lawyer," responded the
lawyer.
	"Sorry, but I can't do that," replied the stonecutter.  "In this
state, it's against the law to bury two people in the same grave.  However,
I could put `here lies an honest lawyer', if that would be okay."
	"But that won't let people know who it is" protested the lawyer.
	"Certainly will," retorted the stonecutter.  "people will read it
and exclaim, "That's Strange!"


If it flies, floats or fucks, rent it, don't buy it.
		-- Tommy Earl Bruner


Now and then an innocent person is sent to the legislature.


A pederastic necrophiliac is a gentleman who is
true to the very end of the end of a friend.


186,000 miles per second:
It isn't just a good idea, it's the law!


A young woman was afflicted with three brothers who had a friendly competition
as to who was the best practical joker.  When she announced her marriage,
like all good brothers, they immediately found out where the honeymoon would
be and repaired there to do their worst, er, best.  The brother who was a
carpenter went first, and came back out in five minutes.  The brother who
worked as a plumber went second and was out in about half an hour.  Finally,
the brother employed as a dentist went inside and came out almost immediately.
A few days after the start of their sister's honeymoon the brothers each
received a telegram from their sister.  It read:

	I liked the couch falling apart when we sat on it.  I was amused
	when the shower went cold five minutes after it started.  But I'm
	going to kill whoever put the novocaine into the KY jelly...


A diplomat is man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
		-- Robert Frost


When the Apple IIc was introduced, the informative copy led off with a couple
of asterisked sentences:

	It weighs less than 8 pounds.*
	And costs less than $1,300.**

In tiny type were these "fuller explanations":

      * Don't asterisks make you suspicious as all get out?  Well, all
	this means is that the IIc alone weights 7.5 pounds. The power
	pack, monitor, an extra disk drive, a printer and several bricks
	will make the IIc weigh more. Our lawyers were concerned that you
	might not be able to figure this out for yourself.

     ** The FTC is concerned about price fixing. You can pay more if
	you really want to.  Or less.
		-- Forbes


	Sam went to his psychiatrist complaining of a hatred for elephants.
"I can't stand elephants," he explained.  "I lie awake nights despising
them.  The thought of an elephant fills me with loathing."
	"Sam," said the psychiatrist, "there's only one thing for you to do.
Go to Africa, organize a safari, find an elephant in the jungle and shoot it.
That way you'll get it out of your system."
	Sam immediately made arrangements for a safari hunt in Africa,
inviting his best friend to join him.  They arrived in Nairobi and lost no
time getting out on the jungle trails.  After they had been hunting for
several days, Sam's best friend grabbed him by the arm one morning and
yelled at him:
	"Sam, Sam, Sam!  Over there behind that tree there's and elephant!
Sam -- Get your gun -- no, no, not THAT gun -- the rifle with the longer
barrel!  Now aim it!  QUICK!  SAM!  QUICK!  No!  Not that way -- this way!
Be sure you don't jerk the trigger!  Wait SAM!  Don't let him see you!  Aim
at his head!"
	Sam whirled around, took aim, and killed his friend.  He was put in
prison and his psychiatrist flew to Africa to visit him.  "I sent you over
here to kill an elephant and instead you shoot your best friend," the
psychiatrist said.  "Why?"
	"Well," Sam replied, "there's only one thing in the world that I
hate more than elephants and that is a loudmouth know-it-all!"


Magic is always the best solution -- especially reliable magic.


The difference between us is not very far,
cruising for burgers in daddy's new car.


But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the
system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed,
analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
		-- Bruce Leverett,
		   "Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers"


	"When you wake up in the morning, Pooh," said Piglet at last,
"what's the first thing you say to yourself?"
	"What's for breakfast?" said Pooh.  "What do you say, Piglet?"
	"I say, I wonder what's going to happen exciting today?" said
Piglet.
	Pooh nodded thoughtfully.  "It's the same thing," he said.


If the very old will remember, the very young will listen.
		-- Chief Dan George


Four men had been playing golf together for twenty years.  After their usual
Saturday game one week, one of the men joined the other three for a post-game
shower for the first time.  His friends were surprised - "For twenty years",
one of them says, "you haven't showered after our game, you've just waited for
us in the clubhouse.  Why the sudden change?"
	"Well", replies their friend, "I was born with a fairly unusual
medical condition.  I had both a penis and a vagina.  Last month I finally
decided to have the vagina removed."
	The other three men look at him in disbelief and disgust.  "You
mean," snaps one of them, "you could have played from the women's tee all
these years?"


Kansas, where the men are men, the sheep
are scared and the women are grateful.


Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay
	I muck with indices and structs all day
And when it works, I shout hoo-ray
	Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay


Well, I'm disenchanted too.  We're all disenchanted.
		-- James Thurber


Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to
teach children.
		-- W. H. Auden


You can now buy more gates with less
specifications than at any other time in history.
		-- Kenneth Parker


7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog drinks too much and kicks over the National
	Redwood Forest.


I didn't like the play, but I saw it under adverse conditions.
The curtain was up.


Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature,
An endothermic quadruped, carnivorous by nature.
Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses
Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses.
I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations,
A singular development of cat communications
That obviates your basic hedonistic predilection
For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents:
You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance;
And when not being utilized to aid in locomotion,
It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion.
Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display
Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array.
And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend,
I nonetheless consider you a true and valued friend.
		-- Lt. Cmdr. Data, "An Ode to Spot"


You've decked the halls with a dozen miles' length of electric lights.
Your front lawn is a gleaming testament of incandescent wonder. The neighbors
wear sunglasses 24/7,  and orbiting satellites have officially picked up
and pinpointed your house as the brightest spot on earth.

You've finally put together the Christmas wonderland of your dreams... now
if only you could get a good picture of it.

Photographing holiday lights is no easy task.
		-- from an email sent by photojojo.com


Seeing is deceiving.  It's eating that's believing.
		-- James Thurber


Prostitution is the only business where you can go into the hole and
still come out ahead.


There is no such thing as inner peace.  There is only nervousness or death.
Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


This guy was screwing his neighbors wife when a car pulls into the drive.
"My husband!" she screams.  He panics and jumps out the window. He finds
himself on the street, naked, under cloudy skies. There is no place to hide
except in a crowd of joggers.  As he runs along, a woman looks over and says,
	"Do you always jog in the nude?"
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Does it always result in that kind of sexual excitement?" she asks.
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Do you always wear a condom?"
	"Only when it rains, lady.  Only when it rains."


RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
RY								RY
RY  WELCOME TO THE BABBAGE ANALYTICAL TIMESHARING SERVICE	RY
RY  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	RY
RY								RY
RY  PLEASE NOTE THAT THE INTEGRATOR IS CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE    RY
RY  DUE TO THE WEEKLY GREASING SCHEDULE. WOULD ALL USERS KINDLY RY
RY  RETURN ANY UNUSED PLUGBOARDS, AS THE PROGRAMMING TEAM ARE   RY
RY  RUNNING LOW. DIVISION UNIT 3 WILL BE OUT OF ACTION UNTIL    RY
RY  THURSDAY DUE TO EMERGENCY COG REPLACEMENT - PLEASE ENSURE   RY
RY  THAT YOUR PROGRAM DOES NOT ATTEMPT TO DIVIDE BY ZERO AS	RY
RY  THIS CAN CAUSE SEVERE DAMAGE (INCLUDING SHAFT BREAKAGES).   RY
RY								RY
RYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRYRY
.
.
SYSTEM READY.
?
		-- Chris Suslowicz


It seems that there was this Christian about to be thrown to the lions.  He
was shoved into the middle of the arena and the lion was released.  Being
a good Christian, as the lion approached he knelt and prayed, asking God for
forgiveness for his (few) sins, and begging that the lion might be dissuaded
from eating him for its breakfast.  Much to his dismay, the lion didn't stop
but kept coming, getting faster and faster, now almost running, so the
Christian took off too.  There they were, running around and around the arena,
the lion getting closer and the Christian praying harder and harder between
gasps for breath.  The lions breath was now hot upon his heels and he could
even feel droplets of the lions saliva splashing on his bare feet.  So he
pulled out all the stops, promising God that if the lion will only spare him,
he will devote the rest of his life to spreading the Christian faith,
forsaking all temptation and possessions.  Suddenly he no longer felt the
lions breath, no longer heard the great beast's snarls close behind him.
Slowing to a stop, he turned around and saw the lion on its knees, eyes rolled
upward, paws held together.  The lion appeared to be muttering something so
the Christian approached until he could make out what the lion was saying.
	"Dear Lord, for what I am about to receive..."


The British are coming!  The British are coming!


It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary
depends upon his not understanding it.
		-- Upton Sinclair


Q:	How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two, one to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub
	with brightly colored machine tools.

	[Surrealist jokes just aren't my cup of fur.  Ed.]


Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.


What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
		-- Raymond Aron, "The Opium of the Intellectuals"


Three women always hang their laundry out in the backyard.  When it rains,
however, the laundry always gets wet.  All the laundry, that is, except
for Laurie's.  Laurie never seems to have her laundry out when it rains.
	So, one day, they are all out in the backyard putting their clothes
on the line when one of the women says to Laurie, "Laurie, how come it
never rains when you have your laundry out?"
	"Well," replies Laurie, "when I wake up in the morning, I check out
my husband Paul.  If his penis is hanging over his right leg, I know it's
going to be a great day.  If his penis is hanging over his left leg, I know
it might rain.  I don't know why it works, but he's never been wrong!"
	"Laurie, what if he has an erection?" asks the other woman.
	"Honey, on a day like *that*, you don't do the *laundry*."


Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't,
and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.


What do hookers do on their nights off, type?
		-- Elayn Boosler


In Pierre Trudeau, Canada has finally produced
a Prime Minister worthy of assassination.
		-- John Diefenbaker


The truth you speak has no past and no future.
It is, and that's all it needs to be.


Certain passages in several laws have always defied interpretation and
the most inexplicable must be a matter of opinion.  A judge of the Court
of Session of Scotland has sent the editors of this book his candidate
which reads, "In the Nuts (unground), (other than ground nuts) Order,
the expression nuts shall have reference to such nuts, other than ground
nuts, as would but for this amending Order not qualify as nuts
(unground) (other than ground nuts) by reason of their being nuts
(unground)."
		-- Guinness Book of World Records, 1973


Last week's pet, this week's special.


A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
		-- Proverbs 15:1


QOTD:
	"Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch."


Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.


Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers
so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.


Q:	Why do WASPs play golf?
A:	So they can dress like pimps.


The clothes have no emperor.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare, commenting on ADA


Santa Claus wears a red suit
He's a Communist.

He has long hair and a beard
Must be a pacifist.

And what's in the pipe that he's smoking?

Santa Claus comes in your house at night.
He must be a dope fiend to get you up tight.

Why do police guys beat on peace guys?
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "The Pause of Mr. Claus"


The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.
And vice versa.


The ark lands after The Flood.  Noah lets all the animals out.  Says he, "Go
and multiply."  Several months pass.  Noah decides to check up on the animals.
All are doing fine except a pair of snakes.  "What's the problem?" says Noah.
"Cut down some trees and let us live there", say the snakes.  Noah follows
their advice.  Several more weeks pass.  Noah checks on the snakes again.
Lots of little snakes, everybody is happy.  Noah asks, "Want to tell me how
the trees helped?"  "Certainly", say the snakes. "We're adders, and we need
logs to multiply."


Speak roughly to your little boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
He only does it to annoy
	Because he knows it teases.

	Wow!  wow!  wow!

I speak severely to my boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
For he can thoroughly enjoy
	The pepper when he pleases!

	Wow!  wow!  wow!
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidentally dropped
the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag the physician
outside where he would beat him to death with a live ocelot.
		-- Love and Rockets


There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.


I sold my memoirs of my love life to Parker
Brothers -- they're going to make a game out of it.
		-- Woody Allen


Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night,
God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light.

It did not last; the devil howling "Ho!
Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.


Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
		-- Quentin Crisp


Famous, adj.:
	Conspicuously miserable.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


	Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles,
called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you
have been drinking.  Electrons travel at the speed of light, which in
most American homes is 110 volts per hour.  This is very fast.  In the
time it has taken you to read this sentence so far, an electron could
have traveled all the way from San Francisco to Hackensack, New Jersey,
although God alone knows why it would want to.
	The five main kinds of electricity are alternating current,
direct current, lightning, static, and European.  Most American homes
have alternating current, which means that the electricity goes in one
direction for a while, then goes in the other direction.  This prevents
harmful electron buildup in the wires.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.


You will triumph over your enemy.


A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A man in love with a girl who loves another man who looks just
	like him has his head chopped off in France because of a mean
	lady who knits.

Crime and Punishment LITE(tm)
	-- by Fyodor Dostoyevsky

	A man sends a nasty letter to a pawnbroker, but later
	feels guilty and apologizes.

The Odyssey LITE(tm)
	-- by Homer

	After working late, a valiant warrior gets lost on his way home.


There has also been some work to allow the interesting use of macro names.
For example, if you wanted all of your "creat()" calls to include read
permissions for everyone, you could say

	#define creat(file, mode)	creat(file, mode | 0444)

	I would recommend against this kind of thing in general, since it
hides the changed semantics of "creat()" in a macro, potentially far away
from its uses.
	To allow this use of macros, the preprocessor uses a process that
is worth describing, if for no other reason than that we get to use one of
the more amusing terms introduced into the C lexicon.  While a macro is
being expanded, it is temporarily undefined, and any recurrence of the macro
name is "painted blue" -- I kid you not, this is the official terminology
-- so that in future scans of the text the macro will not be expanded
recursively.  (I do not know why the color blue was chosen; I'm sure it
was the result of a long debate, spread over several meetings.)
		-- From Ken Arnold's "C Advisor" column in Unix Review


		`O' LEVEL COUNTER CULTURE
Timewarp allowed: 3 hours.  Do not scrawl situationalist graffiti in the
margins or stub your rollups in the inkwells.  Orange may be worn.  Credit
will be given to candidates who self-actualize.

	1: Compare and contrast Pink Floyd with Black Sabbath and say why
neither has street credibility.
	2: "Even Buddha would have been hard pushed to reach Nirvana squatting
on a juggernaut route."  Consider the dialectic of inner truth and inner
city.
	3: Discuss degree of hassle involved in paranoia about being sucked
into a black hole.
	4: "The Egomaniac's Liberation Front were a bunch of revisionist
ripoff merchants."  Comment on this insult.
	5: Account for the lack of references to brown rice in Dylan's lyrics.
	6: "Castenada was a bit of a bozo."  How far is this a fair summing
up of western dualism?
	7: Hermann Hesse was a Pisces.  Discuss.


Man in stall:
	Hey, buddy?  Is there any toilet paper out there?
Man at sink:
	No, I don't see any.  Just a second...  Nope, none in
	any of the other stalls either.
A minute passes.
Man in stall:
	Say, buddy?
Man at sink:
	Yeah?
Man in stall:
	You got change for a ten?


Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
		-- Bob Dylan


Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.


Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have
forgotten your aim.
		-- George Santayana


Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really over-
whelming majority of the crowd present.  Abusive and obscene language may
not be used by contestants when addressing members of the judging panel,
or, conversely, by members of the judging panel when addressing contestants
(unless struck by a boomerang).
		-- Mudgeeraba Creek Emu-Riding and Boomerang-Throwing Assoc.


The identical is equal to itself, since it is different.
		-- Franco Spisani


Atlee is a very modest man.  And with reason.
		-- Winston Churchill


Crush!  Kill!  Destroy!


The whole of life is futile unless you
consider it as a sporting proposition.


Thou shalt not omit adultery.


Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.


Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some
of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?
		-- Patricia O Tuama, rissa@killer.DALLAS.TX.US


I CAN'T come back, I don't know how it works.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


For a good time, call (510) 642-9483


History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles,
cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
		-- Leo Tolstoy


The reason it's called "Grape Nuts" is that it contains "dextrose",
which is also sometimes called "grape sugar", and also because "Grape
Nuts" is catchier, in terms of marketing, than "A Cross Between Gerbil
Food and Gravel", which is what it tastes like.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"


You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property
and services if it is not specifically exempt.  Report property (goods)
and services at their fair market values.  Examples include income from
bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent
paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.),
cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services,
gambling, prizes and awards.  Not reporting such income can lead to
prosecution for perjury and fraud.
		-- Excerpt from Taxachussettes income tax forms


All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
		-- Ernest Rutherford


One learns to itch where one can scratch.
		-- Ernest Bramah


I'm really enjoying not talking to you...
Let's not talk again REAL soon...


Q:	How do you make a dead baby float?
A:	With 2 scoops of dead baby and some rootbeer.


"I'm dying," he croaked.
"My experiment was a success," the chemist retorted.
"You can't really train a beagle," he dogmatized.
"That's no beagle, it's a mongrel," she muttered.
"The fire is going out," he bellowed.
"Bad marksmanship," the hunter groused.
"You ought to see a psychiatrist," he reminded me.
"You snake," she rattled.
"Someone's at the door," she chimed.
"Company's coming," she guessed.
"Dawn came too soon," she mourned.
"I think I'll end it all," Sue sighed.
"I ordered chocolate, not vanilla," I screamed.
"Your embroidery is sloppy," she needled cruelly.
"Where did you get this meat?" he bridled hoarsely.
		-- Gyles Brandreth, "The Joy of Lex"


He drank with curvy Mable,
The pace was fast and furious,
He slid beneath the table,
Not drunk but merely curious.


try again


Remember to say hello to your bank teller.


For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.


Never do programs contain so few bugs as when no debugging tools
are available.
		-- Niklaus Wirth


So, good night, you moonlit ladies,
Rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
Deep greens and blues are the colors I choose,
Won't you let me go down in my dreams?
And rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
		-- James Taylor, "Rock-a-bye Sweet Baby James"


Life is one long struggle in the dark.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus


"Art" is the ability to separate the significant from the insignificant.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


I realize that the MX missile is none of our concern.  I realize that
the whole point of living in a democracy is that we pay professional
congresspersons to concern themselves with things like the MX missile
so we can be free to concern ourselves with getting hold of the
plumber.

But from time to time, I feel I must address major public issues such
as this, because in a free and open society, where the very future of
the world hinges on decisions made by our elected leaders, you never
win large cash journalism awards if you stick to the topics I usually
write about, such as nose-picking.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


An American couple is in Paris, a much awaited trip, when suddenly the wife
dies of a heart attack.  The husband decides to have her buried there as the
visit to France was something they had longed for for many years.  All
arrangements are made when he suddenly realizes that he doesn't have a black
hat for the funeral.  The hotel concierge tells him that what he wants is a
"chapeau noir."  So off he goes to find a store open late.
	First he meets a gendarme and in his fractured French asks, "M'sieur,
ou pouvais-je acheter un capeau noir?"
	The policeman is a bit surprised but, after thinking a bit, gives our
friend directions.  The store -- if that is what it is -- looks a little seedy
and run down, but the man behind the counter looks friendly so in goes our
hero.  He speaks first:
	"M'sieur, je veux acheter un capeau noir."
	"Mais, monsieur, j'ai des capeaux rouges, des capeaux blancs, et des
capeaux marrons, mais pas des capeaux noires.  Pourquoi avez vous besoin d'un
capeau noir?"
	"Ma femme est morte."
	"O Monsieur!  Quelle beau sentiment!"


This ae nighte, this ae nighte,
Everye nighte and alle,
Fire and sleet and candlelyte,
And Christe receive thy saule.
		-- The Lykewake Dirge


The cost of feathers has risen, even down is up!


Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning:
	It's on the other side.


One pill makes you larger		And if you go chasing rabbits
And, one pill makes you small.		And you know you're going to fall.
And the ones that mother gives you,	Tell 'em a hookah smoking caterpillar
Don't do anything at all.		Has given you the call.
Go ask Alice				Call Alice
When she's ten feet tall.		When she was just small.

When men on the chessboard		When logic and proportion
Get up and tell you where to go.	Have fallen sloppy dead,
And you've just had some kind of	And the White Knight is talking
	mushroom				backwards
And your mind is moving low.		And the Red Queen's lost her head
Go ask Alice				Remember what the dormouse said:
I think she'll know.				Feed your head.
						Feed your head.
						Feed your head.
		-- Jefferson Airplane, "White Rabbit"


Don
Ameche:	I didn't know you had a cousin Penelope, Bill!
	Was she pretty?
W. C.:	Well, her face was so wrinkled it looked like seven miles of
	bad road.  She had so many gold teeth, Don, she use to have
	to sleep with her head in a safe.  She died in Bolivia.
Don:	Oh Bill, it must be hard to lose a relative.
W. C.:	It's almost impossible.
		-- W. C. Fields, "The Further Adventures of Larson E.
		   Whipsnade and other Tarradiddles"


CONFIRMED BACHELOR:
	A man who goes through life without a hitch.


And I suppose the little things are harder to get used to than the big
ones.  The big ones you get used to, you make up your mind to them.  The
little things come along unexpectedly, when you aren't thinking about
them, aren't braced against them.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "The Forbidden Tower"


I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
		-- Mae West


We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Excited about life's journey	No concept of reality
Spiritually evolved		Oversensitive
Moody				Manic-depressive
Soulful				Quiet manic-depressive
Poet				Boring manic-depressive
Sultry/Sensual			Easy
Uninhibited			Lacking basic social skills
Unaffected and earthy		Slob and lacking basic social skills
Irreverent			Nasty and lacking basic social skills
Very human			Quasimodo's best friend
Swarthy				Sweaty even when cold or standing still
Spontaneous/Eclectic		Scatterbrained
Flexible			Desperate
Aging child			Self-centered adult
Youthful			Over 40 and trying to deny it
Good sense of humor		Watches a lot of television


Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.


You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.


According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold,
and according to convention, there is an order.  In truth, there are atoms
and a void.
		-- Democritus, 400 B.C.


A mushroom cloud has no silver lining.


Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.


You may my glories and my state dispose,
But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


The real reason psychology is hard is that
psychologists are trying to do the impossible.


[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.
		-- K&R


