Most folks they like the daytime,
	'cause they like to see the shining sun.
They're up in the morning,
	off and a-running till they're too tired for having fun.
But when the sun goes down,
	and the bright lights shine, my daytime has just begun.

Now there are two sides to this great big world,
	and one of them is always night.
If you can take care of business in the sunshine, baby,
	I guess you're gonna be all right.
Don't come looking for me to lend you a hand.
	My eyes just can't stand the light.

'Cause I'm a night owl honey, sleep all day long.
		-- Carly Simon


There is nothing wrong with abstinence, in moderation.


Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion


Politicians do it to everyone.


The somewhat old and crusty vicar was taking a well-earned retirement from
his rather old and crusty parish.  As is usual in these cases, a locum was
sent to cover the transition period.  This particular man was young and
active, and had the strange notion that church should also be active and
exciting.  As a consequence he was more than a little disappointed with the
dull and tradition-bound church.  He decided to do something about it.
	For his first Sunday, he didn't wear the traditional robes and
vestments, but lead the service wearing a nice 2-piece suit.  The congregation
was horrified!  He changed the order of the service.  The congregation was
horrified!  Then came the children's lesson.
	For this he came out of the pulpit, and sat on the communion table.
The congregation was mortified!  He sat there swinging his legs against
the table as the children gathered around him.
	He asked the children, "What's small, brown, furry and eats nuts?"
	There was total silence.
	He asked again, "What's small, brown, furry and eats nuts?"
	Total silence.
	Eventually, one timid youngster put up his hand and said, "Please,
sir, I know the answer is Jesus, but it sure sounds like a squirrel to me."


But they'll never mechanize me -- not me!
Said Charlotte, the Louisville harlot.
		-- S.I. Hayakawa


Pubic hair, n.:
	Organic dental floss.


In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.


I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell right in the ass.
		-- Barry Goldwater


A wise man can see more from the bottom
of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.


That's the true harbinger of spring, not crocuses or swallows
returning to Capistrano, but the sound of a bat on a ball.
		-- Bill Veeck


Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.


Hawkeye's Conclusion:
	It's not easy to play the clown
	when you've got to run the whole circus.


Feeling amorous, she looked under the sheets and cried, "Oh, no,
it's Microsoft!"


Genetics explains why you look like your father,
and if you don't, why you should.


Bare feet magnetize sharp metal objects so they point upward from the
floor -- especially in the dark.


Wit, n.:
	The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery...
	by leaving it out.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


My sister opened a computer store in Hawaii.
She sells C shells by the seashore.


Memory fault - where am I?


	The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in
a position of negative need.
	He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area.
	He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous
liquid.
	He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup.
	He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal
prestige of His identity.
	It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make
ambulatory progress through the umbrageous inter-hill mortality slot, terror
sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena.
	Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me
into a pleasurific mood state.
	You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure
in the context of non-cooperative elements.
	You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract.
	My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis.
	It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational
empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their
target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess
tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended
time basis.


Five rules for eternal misery:
	1) Always try to exhort others to look upon you favorably.
	2) Make lots of assumptions about situations and be sure to
	   treat these assumptions as though they are reality.
	3) Then treat each new situation as though it's a crisis.
	4) Live in the past and future only (become obsessed with
	   how much better things might have been or how much worse
	   things might become).
	5) Occasionally stomp on yourself for being so stupid as to
	   follow the first four rules.


Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!


I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to
sacrifice my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward


Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
	1. They want it quick.
	2. They want it good.
	3. They want it cheap.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
		-- sign on the back wall of a small printing company


GIVE UP!!!!


Be self-reliant and your success is assured.


People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin
Franklin said it first.


Kirk to Enterprise -- beam down yeoman Rand and a six-pack.


My mother was a test tube; my father was a knife.
		-- Friday


Disks travel in packs.


When you're bored with yourself, marry, and be bored with someone else.
		-- David Pryce-Jones


The rights you have are the rights given you by this Committee [the
House Un-American Activities Committee].  We will determine what rights
you have and what rights you have not got.
		-- J. Parnell Thomas


Don't worry -- the brontosaurus is slow, stupid, and placid.


Getting an education at the University of California is like having
$50.00 shoved up your ass, a nickel at a time.


The best portion of a good man's life, his little,
nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
		-- Wordsworth


"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak
	For anything tougher than suet;
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak --
	Pray, how did you manage to do it?"

"In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law,
	And argued each case with my wife;
And the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw,
	Has lasted the rest of my life."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


The moving finger having writ... gestures.


The two couples were enjoying their vacation together at a resort hotel.  They
were in the middle of a game of Scrabble in the lobby when a thunderstorm cut
off the hotel's electricity, leaving little to do but retire to their rooms.
Bill was a rather devout man, so before getting into bed with his companion,
he said his prayers.  As he got under the covers, the lightning suddenly
flashed through the window and he discovered that he was in the wrong room.
He instantly jumped up and started to dash for the hallway.  "It's too late,
called the girl from the bed, "my guy doesn't pray."


With reasonable men I will reason;
with humane men I will plead;
but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
		-- William Lloyd Garrison


Progress was all right.  Only it went on too long.
		-- James Thurber


The priest at Sunday mass noticed that Michael took a ten-dollar bill and two
one-dollar bills from the collection plate, instead of putting something in.
He thought to himself, I'd better watch out for Michael.  The next week he
noticed the same thing.  So he waited outside church when mass was over, and
as Michael came out, he accosted his and said,
	"Michael, tell me -- why did you take out a ten-dollar bill and two
singles two weeks in a row, instead of putting money into the collection?"
	Michael replied, "Father, I'm embarrassed, but I did it because I
wanted to go downtown for a blow job."
	The priest looked surprised but said to Michael, "Listen, don't do
that anymore.  I'll be watching you from now on."
	When he got back to the rectory, the priest was still perplexed.
Finally he decided to call Mother Agatha at the convent.  He said, "Mother,
you've been such a great friend of mine, I have a question I need to ask you.
What is a blow job?"
	Mother Agatha replied, "Oh, twelve dollars, same as downtown."


Too Late
	A large number of turkies [sic] went to San Francisco yesterday by
the two o'clock boats.  If their object in going down was to participate in
the Thanksgiving festivities of that city, they would arrive "the day after
the affair," and of course be sadly disappointed thereby.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, November 29, 1861


The secret of success is sincerity.  Once you can fake that,
you've got it made.
		-- Jean Giraudoux


All intelligent species own cats.


Infidel, n.:
	In New York, one who does not believe in the Christian religion;
	in Constantinople, one who does.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Design, v.:
	What you regret not doing later on.


A conservative is a man
with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt


God isn't dead.  He just doesn't want to get involved.


Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated.
		-- M. C. Reed


WHENEVER ANYBODY SAYS he's struggling to become a human being I have to
laugh because the apes beat him to it by about a million years.  Struggle
to become a parrot or something.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Lots of folks are forced to skimp to support a government that won't.


You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.


Ask not for whom the Bell tolls, and you
will pay only the station-to-station rate.
		-- Howard Kandel


In short, _N is Richardian if, and only if, _N is not Richardian.


I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the
places they do today.
		-- Will Rogers


Achilles' Biological Findings:
	(1) If a child looks like his father, that's heredity.  If he
	    looks like a neighbor, that's environment.
	(2) A lot of time has been wasted arguing over what came first
	    -- the chicken or the egg.  It was undoubtedly the
	    rooster.


Showing up is 80% of life.
		-- Woody Allen


One Saturday afternoon, during the campaign to decide whether or not
there should be a Coastal Commission, I took a helicopter ride from Los
Angeles to San Diego.  We passed several state beaches, some crowded
and some virtually empty.  They had the same facilities, and in some
cases the crowded and the empty beach were within a quarter mile of
each other.  Obviously many beach-goers prefer to be crowded together.
Buying more beaches that people won't go to because they prefer to be
crowded together on one beach is a ridiculous waste of our natural
resources and our taxes.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Floating idly one day through the air,
A circus performer named Blair,
	Tied a sizeable rock,
	To the end of his cock,
And shattered a balcony chair.


Even God cannot change the past.
		-- Joseph Stalin


Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.


If only you had a personality instead of an attitude.


I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.


...his disciples lead him in; he just does the rest.
		-- Tommy


The most recent attempt to revive the moribund campus left, a national
conference held at Rutgers University February 5-7, ended when the
participants decided that they were too racist to found a new national
organization.
	The stated goal of the conference was the formation of a national
organization that would "give expression to a shared consciousness."  The
orientation materials declared that this was "a historic moment" -- you
know, like Port Huron and the Sixties -- and the Rutgers host committee had
every reason to expect their goal would be accomplished.
	But it was not to be.  Given that this was a conference of *New*
New Leftists, reason had nothing to do with it.
	A revealing article by Vania del Borgo and Maria Margaronis in "The
Nation", ["Beyond the Fragments," 3/26/88] says "The defining moment of the
weekend came when the conference was almost at its end.  On Sunday morning,
a twenty-five-member students of color caucus confronted the assembled body
with its overwhelming whiteness..."  Joined by the Gay & Bisexual Caucus, the
Students of Color Caucus declared that the founding of such an overwhelmingly
white organization would itself constitute a racist act.  The four hundred or
so leftist activists were told that they had no right to ratify a constitution
or elect any officers.  While recognizing "the need to examine the real
possibilities of a broad-based, racially diverse student movement" and paying
lip service to the need for "dialogue," they threatened to walk out if their
demands were not met.  As *The Nation* article describes the scene:  "To their
astonishment, their intervention was greeted with a standing ovation." Handed
an ultimatum which demanded that they disband, this would-be successor to the
radical student movements of the Sixties promptly voted itself out of
existence.  As del Borgo and Margaronis put it, "After much chaotic discussion
and a confused voice vote, the convention suspended all its other work and
broke into regional groups to discuss `outreach.'"
		-- Libertarian Agenda, May 1988


Congratulations!  You are the one-millionth user to log into our system.
If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't
hesitate to ask!


To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what
he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.


He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


I'm not offering myself as an example;
every life evolves by its own laws.


Sex is better than grass, if you have the right pusher.


In Tennessee, it is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a
moving automobile.


I have a hard time being attracted to anyone who can beat me up.
		-- John McGrath, Atlanta sportswriter, on women weightlifters


If you are too busy to read, then you are too busy.


To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide
a test load.


This guy was screwing his neighbors wife when a car pulls into the drive.
"My husband!" she screams.  He panics and jumps out the window. He finds
himself on the street, naked, under cloudy skies. There is no place to hide
except in a crowd of joggers.  As he runs along, a woman looks over and says,
	"Do you always jog in the nude?"
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Does it always result in that kind of sexual excitement?" she asks.
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Do you always wear a condom?"
	"Only when it rains, lady.  Only when it rains."


Nobody said computers were going to be polite.


You can't mend a wristwatch while falling from an airplane.


Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.


You know what they say -- the sweetest word in the English language
is revenge.
		-- Peter Beard


Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime.
		-- Jimmy Cannon


A highly intelligent man should take a primitive woman.  Imagine if on top
of everything else, I had a woman who interfered with my work.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Death to all fanatics!


Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.


Equal bytes for women.


MOSQUITO:
	The state bird of New Jersey.


We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.


The three best things about going to school are June, July, and August.


Maybe Jesus was right when he said that the meek shall inherit the
earth -- but they inherit very small plots, about six feet by three.
		-- Lazarus Long


To err is humor.


Success has many fathers, but failure is a bastard.


We tried to close Ohio's borders and ran into a Constitutional problem.
There's a provision in the Constitution that says you can't close your
borders to interstate commerce, and garbage is a form of interstate commerce.
		-- Ohio Lt. Governor Paul Leonard


What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity.  We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that
is the first law of nature.
		-- Voltaire


Incumbent, n.:
	Person of liveliest interest to the outcumbents.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The reason we need the MX missile system is that the missiles we
currently have in the ground are the Minuteman model, which is very
old.  The Defense Department can't even remember where half of them
are.  Insects have built nests in them.  People have built houses
directly over the silos.  What this means, of course, is that if we
ever needed them to help obliterate all human life on the planet, they
could be a real embarrassment.  I mean, maybe YOU'RE comfortable with
the prospect of missiles that are supposed to represent you barging
over the North Pole trailing shreds of polyester carpeting from some
recreation room in South Dakota, but your strategic defense planners
are not.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"


The race is not always to the swift, nor the
battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet.
		-- Damon Runyon


You should go home.


To err is human, to forgive, infrequent.


