Life can be so tragic -- you're here today and here tomorrow.


Pushing 30 is exercise enough.


If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.


Memory fault - where am I?


Q:	How did the regular expression cross the road?
A:	^.*$


The bedsprings next door jounce and creak:
They have kept me awake for a week.
	Why do newlyweds
	Select squeaky beds
To develop their fucking technique?


	Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermont noted
in January, 1966, "I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.  I think we need more
owls."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


GARTER:
	An elastic band intended to keep a woman
	from coming out of her stockings and desolating the country.


Q:	Why did God invent booze?
A:	So ugly men could get laid too.


When the government bureau's remedies do not match
your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy.


I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and
implement a PL/1 compiler.
		-- T. Cheatham


To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.


O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2


If any demonstrator ever lays down in front of my car, it'll be the last
car he ever lays down in front of.
		-- George Wallace


There's nothing to writing.  All you do is sit at a typewriter
and open a vein.
		-- Red Smith


I wouldn't recommend sex, drugs or insanity
for everyone, but they've always worked for me.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


667 -- The neighbor of the beast.


One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at
the stake while the votes were being counted.
		-- Thomas B. Reed


For an idea to be fashionable is ominous,
since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.


Help stamp out and abolish redundancy!


A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire


alta, v:	To change; make or become different; modify.
ansa, v:	A spoken or written reply, as to a question.
baa, n:		A place people meet to have a few drinks.
Baaston, n:	The capital of Massachusetts.
baaba, n:	One whose business is to cut or trim hair or beards.
beea, n:	An alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and hops, often
			found in baas.
caaa, n:	An automobile.
centa, n:	A point around which something revolves; axis.  (Or
			someone involved with the Knicks.)
chouda, n:	A thick seafood soup, often in a milk base.
dada, n:	Information, esp. information organized for analysis or
			computation.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary


Hi! How are things going?
	(just fine, thank you...)
Great! Say, could I bother you for a question?
	(you just asked one...)
Well, how about one more?
	(one more than the first one?)
Yes.
	(you already asked that...)
[at this point, Alphonso gets smart...	]
May I ask two questions, sir?
	(no.)
May I ask ONE then?
	(nope...)
Then may I ask, sir, how I may ask you a question?
	(yes, you may.)
Sir, how may I ask you a question?
	(you must ask for retroactive question asking privileges for
	 the number of questions you have asked, then ask for that
	 number plus two, one for the current question, and one for the
	 next one)
Sir, may I ask nine questions?
	(go right ahead...)


	Sam went to his psychiatrist complaining of a hatred for elephants.
"I can't stand elephants," he explained.  "I lie awake nights despising
them.  The thought of an elephant fills me with loathing."
	"Sam," said the psychiatrist, "there's only one thing for you to do.
Go to Africa, organize a safari, find an elephant in the jungle and shoot it.
That way you'll get it out of your system."
	Sam immediately made arrangements for a safari hunt in Africa,
inviting his best friend to join him.  They arrived in Nairobi and lost no
time getting out on the jungle trails.  After they had been hunting for
several days, Sam's best friend grabbed him by the arm one morning and
yelled at him:
	"Sam, Sam, Sam!  Over there behind that tree there's and elephant!
Sam -- Get your gun -- no, no, not THAT gun -- the rifle with the longer
barrel!  Now aim it!  QUICK!  SAM!  QUICK!  No!  Not that way -- this way!
Be sure you don't jerk the trigger!  Wait SAM!  Don't let him see you!  Aim
at his head!"
	Sam whirled around, took aim, and killed his friend.  He was put in
prison and his psychiatrist flew to Africa to visit him.  "I sent you over
here to kill an elephant and instead you shoot your best friend," the
psychiatrist said.  "Why?"
	"Well," Sam replied, "there's only one thing in the world that I
hate more than elephants and that is a loudmouth know-it-all!"


Mathematician, n.:
	Some one who believes imaginary things appear right before your i's.


You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
except, y'know, not green... and without all the patches of fungus.
		-- Swamp Thing


I accept chaos.  I am not sure whether it accepts me.  I know some people
are terrified of the bomb.  But then some people are terrified to be seen
carrying a modern screen magazine.  Experience teaches us that silence
terrifies people the most.
		-- Bob Dylan


If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
		-- Chinese proverb


You should never ride in an airplane with a sports team,
because if the plane goes down, it's you they're gonna eat!
		-- Gordon Downie, singer for Tragically Hip


Mathematicians do it in theory.


I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
		-- David Bowie


Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
		-- Don Reed


Humility is the first of the virtues -- for other people.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


While sitting 'neath an oak one morn
In thought on this and that,
A tiny, twitt'ring little bird		"Oh tiny bird, O Nature's gift
A load dropped in my hat.		Of music and of wit!
					Why didst thou feel that my best hat
"Thy music gladdens my poor soul,	Was thy best place to shit?"
And brings joy to my heart.
But tell me, little bird divine,	The tiny bird a few notes sang,
Why didst thou not just fart?"		Then answer'd "Pardon me,
					For thy hat I thought was my nest,
I rose and stood in solemn awe		A-fallen from the tree."
His words to better mull,
Then lifted up a paving block
And crushed his fucking skull.
		-- Bill Wordsworth, "A Tiny Twitt'ring Bird"


A regular expression goes into a pub with a friend, intending to
help him find a girl.  However, when the cockney barman finds this
out, he says to it, "Ere! I'll have no pattern match-making in my
pub!"


Ignorance is never out of style.  It was in fashion yesterday, it is the
rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
		-- Franklin K. Dane


I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
		-- Jay Gould


If all be true that I do think,
There be five reasons why one should drink;
Good friends, good wine, or being dry,
Or lest we should be by-and-by,
Or any other reason why.


Better hope you get what you want before you stop wanting it.


Heller's Law:
	The first myth of management is that it exists.

Johnson's Corollary:
	Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within the
	organization.


Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.


When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.


The ripest fruit falls first.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"


If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.


In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space
Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways.
Our asymptotes no longer out of phase,
We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"


The more they over-think the plumbing
the easier it is to stop up the drain.


You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.


	A man met a beautiful young woman in a bar.  They got along well,
shared dinner, and had a marvelous evening.  When he left her, he told her
that he had really enjoyed their time together, and hoped to see her again,
soon.  Smiling yes, she gave him her phone number.
	The next day, he called her up and asked her to go dancing.  She
agreed.  As they talked, he jokingly asked her what her favorite flower was.
Realizing his intentions, she told him that he shouldn't bring her flowers
-- if he wanted to bring her a gift, well, he should bring her a Swiss Army
knife!
	Surprised, and not a little intrigued, he spent a large part of the
afternoon finding a particularly unusual one.  Arriving at her apartment
he immediately presented her with the knife.  She ooohed and ahhhed over it
for a minute, and then carefully placed it in a drawer, that the man couldn't
help but see was full of Swiss Army knives.
	Surprised, he asked her why she had collected so many.
	"Well, I'm young and attractive now", blushed the woman, "but that
won't always be true.  And boy scouts will do anything for a Swiss Army knife!"


I can't stand squealers; hit that guy.
		-- Albert Anastasia


My father was a saint, I'm not.
		-- Indira Gandhi


If you live in New York, even if you're Catholic, you're Jewish.
		-- Lenny Bruce


... Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an
inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.  Most notably I have
ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.  Well, I
haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected
it.  There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between
prejudice and postjudice.  Prejudice is making a judgment before you have
looked at the facts.  Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.  Prejudice
is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious
mistakes.  Postjudice is not terrible.  You can't be perfect of course; you
may make mistakes also.  But it is permissible to make a judgment after you
have examined the evidence.  In some circles it is even encouraged.
		-- Carl Sagan, "The Burden of Skepticism"


Why isn't there some cheap and easy
way to prove how much she means to me?


The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky


Progress means replacing a theory that
is wrong with one more subtly wrong.


Suffering alone exists, none who suffer;
The deed there is, but no doer thereof;
Nirvana is, but no one is seeking it;
The Path there is, but none who travel it.
		-- "Buddhist Symbolism", Symbols and Values


You go down to the pickup station,
	craving warmth and beauty;
You settle for less than fascination --
	a few drinks later you're not so choosy.
And the closing lights strip off the shadows
	on this strange new flesh you've found --
Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf
	you hurry to the blackness
	and the blankets to lay down an impression
	and your loneliness.
		-- Joni Mitchell


Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.


	An old Jewish man reads about Einstein's theory of relativity
in the newspaper and asks his scientist grandson to explain it to him.
	"Well, zayda, it's sort of like this.  Einstein says that if
you're having your teeth drilled without Novocain, a minute seems like
an hour.  But if you're sitting with a beautiful woman on your lap, an
hour seems like a minute."
	The old man considers this profound bit of thinking for a
moment and says, "And from this he makes a living?"
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels infest one of your Erogenous Zones.


If you know the answer to a question, don't ask.
		-- Petersen Nesbit


The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.


Toddlers are the stormtroopers of the Lord of Entropy.


If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
		-- Mary Wilson Little


Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?


It's just a jump to the left
	And then a step to the right.
Put your hands on your hips
	You bring your knees in tight.
But it's the pelvic thrust
	That really drives you insa-a-a-a-a-ane!

	LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!

		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show


Everyone is a genius.  It's just that some people are too stupid to
realize it.


I'm sorry, but after reading this thread, I'm having a hard time
coming up with an explanation for this nonsense which doesn't involve
you being a dumbass.
		-- Bill Paul <wpaul@FreeBSD.org>


Beat me, bite me, whip me, fuck me, make me write bad checks!


After all, all he did was string together
a lot of old, well-known quotations.
		-- H. L. Mencken, on Shakespeare


The Constitution may not be perfect, but it's a lot better
than what we've got!


Everything ends badly.  Otherwise it wouldn't end.


Tehee quod she, and clapte the wyndow to.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer


It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.


Said crew girl Angelica Bauer:
"The captain's withdrawn, cold, and sour."
	Uhura said, "No,
	At night that's not so--
He doesn't withdraw for an hour."


Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.


But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable
computers?


Q:	What goes: Sis!  Boom!  Baaaaah!
A:	Exploding sheep.


The Great Movie Posters:

*A Giggle Gurgling Gulp of Glee*
With Pretty Girls, Peppy Scenes, and Gorgeous Revues -- plus a good story.
		-- Tea with a Kick (1924)

Whoopie!  Let's go!... Hand-picked Beauties doing cute tricks!
GET IN THE KNOW FOR THE HEY-HEY WHOOPIE!
		-- The Wild Party (1929)

YOU HEAR HIM MAKE LOVE!
DIX -- the dashing soldier!
	DIX -- the bold adventurer!
		DIX -- the throbbing lover!
		-- The Wheel of Life (1929)

SEE CHARLES BUTTERWORTH DRIVE A STREETCAR AND SING LOVE
SONGS TO HIS MARE "MITZIE"!
		-- The Night is Young (1934)


I think the sky is blue because it's a shift from black through purple
to blue, and it has to do with where the light is.  You know, the
farther we get into darkness, and there's a shifting of color of light
into the blueness, and I think as you go farther and farther away from
the reflected light we have from the sun or the light that's bouncing
off this earth, uh, the darker it gets ... I think if you look at the
color scale, you start at black, move it through purple, move it on
out, it's the shifting of color.  We mentioned before about the stars
singing, and that's one of the effects of the shifting of colors.
		-- Pat Robertson, The 700 Club


There's more than one way to skin a cat:
	#32 -- Wrap it around a lonely frat man's pecker.


Ten of the meanest cons in the state pen met in the corner of the yard to
shoot some craps.  The stakes were enormous, the tension palpable.
	When his turn came to shoot, Dutsky nervously plunked down his
entire wad, shook the dice and rolled.  A smile crossed his face as a
seven showed up, but it quickly changed to horror as third die slipped out
of his sleeve and fell to the ground with the two others.  No one said a
word.  Finally, Killer Lucci picked up the third die, put it in his pocket
and handed the others to Dutsky.
	"Roll 'em," Lucci said.  "Your point is thirteen."


I like being single.  I'm always there when I need me.
		-- Art Leo


Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it.  No citizen
has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
		-- J. P. Morgan


Shouted Frosty the Snowman "Hooray!
I'm agog with excitement today!
	And the reason of course,
	A reliable source,
Said the snow blower's heading this way!"


A people living under the perpetual menace of war and invasion is very easy to
govern.  It demands no social reforms.  It does not haggle over expenditures
on armaments and military equipment.  It pays without discussion, it ruins
itself, and that is an excellent thing for the syndicates of financiers and
manufacturers for whom patriotic terrors are an abundant source of gain.
		-- Anatole France


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(9) Americans opposing America is not always sacred nor courageous ...
    it is sometimes dangerous.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities
without your help.
		-- Miss Manners


The world's great men have not commonly been great scholars,
nor its great scholars great men.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


As Will Rogers would have said,
"There is no such things as a free variable."


Vermouth always makes me brilliant unless it makes me idiotic.
		-- E. F. Benson


Q:	What's the difference between a RHU cheerleader and a whale?
A:	The moustache.


If you make a mistake you right it
immediately to the best of your ability.


Then, gently touching my face, she hesitated for a moment as her
incredible eyes poured forth into mine love, joy, pain, tragedy,
acceptance, and peace.  "'Bye for now," she said warmly.
		-- Thea Alexander, "2150 A.D."


Baseball is a skilled game.  It's America's game -- it, and high taxes.
		-- Will Rogers


Q:	What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole?
A:	A thirty foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone!


X windows:
	Accept any substitute.
	If it's broke, don't fix it.
	If it ain't broke, fix it.
	Form follows malfunction.
	The Cutting Edge of Obsolescence.
	The trailing edge of software technology.
	Armageddon never looked so good.
	Japan's secret weapon.
	You'll envy the dead.
	Making the world safe for competing window systems.
	Let it get in YOUR way.
	The problem for your problem.
	If it starts working, we'll fix it.  Pronto.
	It could be worse, but it'll take time.
	Simplicity made complex.
	The greatest productivity aid since typhoid.
	Flakey and built to stay that way.

One thousand monkeys.  One thousand MicroVAXes.  One thousand years.
	X windows.


COMPUTER:
	An electronic entity which performs sequences of useful steps in a
	totally understandable, rigorously logical manner.  If you believe
	this, see me about a bridge I have for sale in Manhattan.


Help fight continental drift.


In science it often happens that scientists say, "You know that's a really
good argument; my position is mistaken," and then they actually change
their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.  They really
do it.  It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are
human and change is sometimes painful.  But it happens every day.  I cannot
recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
		-- Carl Sagan, 1987 CSICOP keynote address


Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.


To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
		-- Thomas Edison


The sun was shining on the sea,
Shining with all his might:
He did his very best to make
The billows smooth and bright --
And this was very odd, because it was
The middle of the night.
		-- Lewis Carroll,
		   "Through the Looking-Glass,
		   and What Alice Found There" (1871)


They also surf who only stand on waves.


Did you know that if you took all the economists in the world and lined
them up end to end, they'd still point in the wrong direction?


You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.


She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring - they applaud.


Fools rush in -- and get the best seats in the house.


I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's
accomplishments.  The front page has nothing but man's failures.
		-- Chief Justice Earl Warren


Critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


To Theodore Roosevelt:
	You are like the Wind and I like the Lion.  You form the Tempest.
The sand stings my eyes and the Ground is parched.  I roar in defiance but
you do not hear.  But between us there is a difference.  I, like the lion,
must remain in my place.  While you, like the wind, will never know yours.
		Mulay Hamid El Raisuli
		Lord of the Riff
		Sultan to the Berbers
		Last of the Barbary Pirates


What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.


Have a taco.
		-- P. S. Beagle


In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but
the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they
have obtained from books of travel.
		-- Mark Twain


I'd probably settle for a vampire if he were romantic enough.
Couldn't be any worse than some of the relationships I've had.
		-- Brenda Starr


	"I think he said 'Blessed are the cheesemakers.'"
	"Nonsense, he was obviously referring to all manufacturers of
dairy products."
		-- The Life of Brian


Commitment, n.:
	Commitment can be illustrated by a breakfast of ham and eggs.
	The chicken was involved, the pig was committed.


Drinking is not a spectator sport.
		-- Jim Brosnan


But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast
to the nearest gas station.


Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"


To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances
may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
		-- Joseph Glanvill, 1661


Here there by tygers.


The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.


Term, holidays, term, holidays, till we leave
school, and then work, work, work till we die.
		-- C. S. Lewis


What do I consider a reasonable person to be?  I'd say a reasonable person
is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes
that into account when dealing with others.  Implicit in this definition is
the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to
live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in
others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.


The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
		-- Steven Wright


	"Don't come back until you have him", the Tick-Tock Man said quietly,
sincerely, extremely dangerously.
	They used dogs.  They used probes.  They used cardio plate crossoffs.
They used teepers.  They used bribery.  They used stick tites.  They used
intimidation.  They used torment.  They used torture.  They used finks.
They used cops.  They used search and seizure.  They used fallaron.  They
used betterment incentives.  They used finger prints.  They used the
bertillion system.  They used cunning.  They used guile.  They used treachery.
They used Raoul-Mitgong but he wasn't much help.  They used applied physics.
They used techniques of criminology.  And what the hell, they caught him.
		-- Harlan Ellison, "Repent, Harlequin, said the Tick-Tock Man"


A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours.
		-- Milton Berle


The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men
of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
		-- Justice Louis D. Brandeis


Have you locked your file cabinet?


Two men are in a hot-air balloon.  Soon, they find themselves lost in a
canyon somewhere.  One of the three men says, "I've got an idea.  We can
call for help in this canyon and the echo will carry our voices to the
end of the canyon.  Someone's bound to hear us by then!"
	So he leans over the basket and screams out, "Helllloooooo!  Where
are we?"  (They hear the echo several times).
	Fifteen minutes later, they hear this echoing voice: "Helllloooooo!
You're lost!"
	The shouter comments, "That must have been a mathematician."
	Puzzled, his friend asks, "Why do you say that?"
	"For three reasons.  First, he took a long time to answer, second,
he was absolutely correct, and, third, his answer was absolutely useless."


We will follow Zarathustra,		We will worship like the Druids,
Zarathustra like we use to,		Dancing naked in the woods,
I'm a Zarathustra booster,		Drinking strange fermented fluids,
And he's good enough for me!		And it's good enough for me!
(chorus)				(chorus)

In the church of Aphrodite,
The priestess wears a see through nightie,
She's a mighty righteous sightie,
And she's good enough for me!
(chorus)

CHORUS:	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	'Cause it's good enough for me!


The doctrine of human equality reposes on this: that there is no man
really clever who has not found that he is stupid.
		-- Gilbert K. Chesterson


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
		-- Homer


It's midnight.  The old man is awake, nervously pacing the floor, as his
20-year-old son comes in.

	"Whatta you mean?  You staya out alla night, you runna around widda
bums.  Whatta you trying to do?"
	"Papa, don't talk like that," replies the boy.
	"Who-a you, tella me notta talka like that?  You no work, you
chase-a bad women, whatta become of you?"
	"Papa, *please* don't talk like that."
	"Don'ta talka like that?  Whatta you mean?  Why shouldn't I talka
likka that?"
	"Papa, we're not Italian."


Intellect annuls Fate.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


A programming language is low level
when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.


TEXAN:
	A wet-back that didn't make Oklahoma.


All the lines have been written		There's been Sandburg,
It's sad but it's true			Keats, Poe and McKuen
With all the words gone,		They all had their day
What's a young poet to do?		And knew what they're doin'

But of all the words written		The bird is a strange one,
And all the lines read,			So small and so tender
There's one I like most,		Its breed still unknown,
And by a bird it was said!		Not to mention its gender.

It reminds me of days of		So what is this line
Both gloom and of light.		Whose author's unknown
It still lifts my spirits		And still makes me giggle
And starts the day right.		Even now that I'm grown?

I've read all the greats
Both starving and fat,
But none was as great as
"I tot I taw a puddy tat."
		-- Etta Stallings, "An Ode To Childhood"


The new priest was so nervous about performing his first mass that he could
hardly speak.  He asked his Monsignor how he could relax.  The Monsignor
replied that it might help relax him to add just a bit of vodka to the water
pitcher.  The next Sunday, after following the Monsignor's advice, the priest
returned to the rectory to find a note from that worthy.

	1. Next time sip rather than gulp.
	2. There are ten commandments, not 12.
	3. There are 12 disciples, not 10.
	4. We do not refer to the cross as the "Big T".
	5. The recommended grace before meals is not,
		"Rub-a-dub-dub, thanks for the grub, Yaaaay, God!"
	6. Do not refer to our Saviour, Jesus Christ, and his
		Apostles as "J.C. and the Boys".
	7. David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him.
	8. The Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost are never referred
		to as, "Big Daddy, Junior, and the Spook".
	9. It is always the Virgin Mary, never The Mary with the Cherry.
	10. Last, but not least, next Wednesday there will be a
		Taffy-Pulling Contest at St.Peter's, not a Peter-Pulling
		Contest at St. Taffy's.


((lambda (foo) (bar foo)) (baz))


