When the Ngdanga tribe of West Africa hold their moon love ceremonies,
the men of the tribe bang their heads on sacred trees until they get a
nose bleed, which usually cures them of _t_h_a_t.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Q:	How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	NONE!  AND THAT'S NOT FUNNY!!

Q:	How many Radcliffe girls does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	It's "Women"...  AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!!


Coito ergo sum


In fiction the recourse of the powerless is murder;
in life the recourse of the powerless is petty theft.


We must die because we have known them.
		-- Ptah-hotep, 2000 B.C.


	Harry, a golfing enthusiast if there ever was one, arrived home
from the club to an irate, ranting wife.
	"I'm leaving you, Harry," his wife announced bitterly.  "You
promised me faithfully that you'd be back before six and here it is almost
nine.  It just can't take that long to play 18 holes of golf."
	"Honey, wait," said Harry.  "Let me explain.  I know what I promised
you, but I have a very good reason for being late.  Fred and I tee'd off
right on time and everything was fine for the first three holes.  Then, on
the fourth tee Fred had a stroke.  I ran back to the clubhouse but couldn't
find a doctor.  And, by the time I got back to Fred, he was dead.  So, for
the next 15 holes, it was hit the ball, drag Fred, hit the ball, drag Fred...


And miles to go before I sleep.


Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.


Women's Libbers are OK.  I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one.


Double!


There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals
in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so
people who find nothing odd about it.
		-- Calvin Trillin


"I don't really mind her being unfaithful," sighed the man to his
marriage counselor, "but I just can't sleep three in a bed."


Some people have a way about them that seems to say: "If I have
only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk."


Love is what you've been through with somebody.
		-- James Thurber


The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom
whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow.


At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.


If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.


Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of
Silly Putty.
		-- Dennis Rawlins


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Compiler optimizations have been made to macro expand LET into a WITHOUT-
INTERRUPTS special form so that it can PUSH things into a stack in the
LET-OPTIMIZATION area, SETQ the variables and then POP them back when it's
done.  Don't worry about this unless you use multiprocessing.
Note that LET *could* have been defined by:

	(LET ((LET '`(LET ((LET ',LET))
			,LET)))
	`(LET ((LET ',LET))
		,LET))

This is believed to speed up execution by as much as a factor of 1.01 or
3.50 depending on whether you believe our friendly marketing representatives.
This code was written by a new programmer here (we snatched him away from
Itty Bitti Machines where we was writing COUGHBOL code) so to give him
confidence we trusted his vows of "it works pretty well" and installed it.


Nothing can be done in one trip.
		-- Snider


Rule of Feline Frustration:
	When your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly
	content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the
	bathroom.


Life is a sexually transferred disease with 100% mortality.


	"We've decided to have the budgie put down."
	"Oh, is he very old then?"
	"No, we just don't like him."
	"Oh.  How do they put budgies down anyway?"
	"Well, it's funny you should be asking that, as I've been reading a
great big book called `How to put your budgie down'.  And as I understand it,
you can either hit them over the head with the book, or shoot them there, just
above the beak."
	"Mrs. Conkers flushed hers down the loo."
	"Oh, you don't want to do that, because they breed in the sewers and
pretty soon you get huge evil smelling flocks of soiled budgies flying out
of peoples lavatories infringing their personal freedoms."
		-- Monty Python


As long as I am mayor of this city [Jersey City, New Jersey] the great
industries are secure.  We hear about constitutional rights, free speech
and the free press.  Every time I hear these words I say to myself, "That
man is a Red, that man is a Communist".  You never hear a real American
talk like that.
		-- Frank Hague (1896-1956)


Good night, Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.


Success is in the minds of Fools.
		-- William Wrenshaw, 1578


I belong to no organized party.  I am a Democrat.
		-- Will Rogers


Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.


Go climb a gravity well.


	Then there's the story of the man who avoided reality for 70 years
with drugs, sex, alcohol, fantasy, TV, movies, records, a hobby, lots of
sleep...  And on his 80th birthday died without ever having faced any of
his real problems.
	The man's younger brother, who had been facing reality and all his
problems for 50 years with psychiatrists, nervous breakdowns, tics, tension,
headaches, worry, anxiety and ulcers, was so angry at his brother for having
gotten away scott free that he had a paralyzing stroke.
	The moral to this story is that there ain't no justice that we can
stand to live with.
		-- R. Geis


A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
		-- H. H. Munroe a.k.a. Saki, "The Square Egg" (1924)


Neutrinos have bad breadth.


The bottom-up approach always gets me buggered.
		-- Sidney J. Hurtubise


It is no wonder that people are so horrible when they start life as children.
		-- Kingsley Amis


Predestination was doomed from the start.


It is fruitless:
	to become lachrymose over precipitately departed lactate fluid.

	to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated canine with
		innovative maneuvers.


If the Nazi's had television with satellite technology, we'd all be
goose-stepping.  Americans are just as suggestible.
		-- Frank Zappa


If you are honest because honesty is the best policy,
your honesty is corrupt.


There are two ways of disliking poetry;
one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
		-- J. Winter Smith


The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
		-- Mme De Sevigne (1626-1696)


Thyme's Law:
	Everything goes wrong at once.


She was a farmer's daughter but she couldn't keep her calves together.


My reaction to porno films is as follows: After the first ten minutes, I
want to go home and screw. After the first twenty minutes, I never want
to screw again as long as I live.
		-- Erica Jong


An aphorism is never exactly true;
it is either a half-truth or one-and-a-half truths.
		-- Karl Kraus


A kind of Batman of contemporary letters.
		-- Philip Larkin on Anthony Burgess


Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S Audit!
Just type in your name and social security number.
Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law:

Name	#




Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
		-- Albert Einstein

They laughed at Einstein.  They laughed at the Wright Brothers.  But they
also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
		-- Carl Sagan


Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse.
		-- William Gilbert


Please keep your hands off the secretary's reproducing equipment.


"Well, madam," the bishop declared,
While the vicar just mumbled and stared,
	"'Twere better, perhaps,
	In the crypt or the apse,
Because sex in the nave must be shared."


Sex without class consciousness cannot give satisfaction, even if it is
repeated until infinity.
		-- Aldo Brandirali (Secretary of the Italian Marxist-Leninist
		   Party), in a manual of the party's official sex guidelines,
		   1973.


There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.


	"What's that thing?"
	"Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in
computer repair.  Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what
it does.  We call it a two-by-four."
		-- Jeff MacNelly, "Shoe"


Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again.
God -- I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again.
		-- Woody Allen, "Hannah and Her Sisters"


When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.


Chivalry, Schmivalry!
	Roger the thief has a
	method he uses for
	sneaky attacks:
Folks who are reading are
	Characteristically
	Always Forgetting to
	Guard their own bac ...


Q:	How does a WASP propose marriage?
A:	"How would you like to be buried with my people?"


Flirt, n.:
	A girl whose favorite man is the next one.


Things will get better despite our efforts to improve them.
		-- Will Rogers


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #32:

Q:  Do you know how far pregnant you are right now?
A:  I will be three months November 8th.
Q:  Apparently then, the date of conception was August 8th?
A:  Yes.
Q:  What were you and your husband doing at that time?


Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.


Bankers do it with interest (penalty for early withdrawal).


Ocean, n.:
	A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for
man -- who has no gills.


CONSULTANT:
	An ordinary man a long way from home.


Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.


This login session: $13.99, but for you $11.88


Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt
of all the others, and then do what's best.
		-- Lovers and Other Strangers


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(17) The greatest football team in the history of civilization was the
     Pittsburgh Steelers of 1975 through 1980.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Know thyself.  If you need help, call the C.I.A.


Job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.


Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
		-- Michel de Montaigne


We cannot put the face of a person on a stamp unless said person is
deceased.  My suggestion, therefore, is that you drop dead.
		-- James E. Day, Postmaster General


If I had any humility I would be perfect.
		-- Ted Turner


Nurse Donna:	Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid.
Groucho:	Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together.
Nurse Donna:	Do you believe in computer dating?
Groucho:	Only if the computers really love each other.


Cocaine: using tomorrow's energy today.


NO OPIUM-SMOKING IN THE ELEVATORS
		-- sign in the Rand Hotel, New York, 1907


Get your bytes from our backend!
		-- Britton Lee


When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.
By the time I was 20, he had made great improvement.


When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
		-- Winston Churchill, on formal declarations of war


Showing up is 80% of life.
		-- Woody Allen


When in this world the headlines read
Of those whose hearts are filled with greed
Who rob and steal from those who need
The cry goes up with blinding speed for Underdog (UNDERDOG!)
Underdog (UNDERDOG!)
Speed of lightning, roar of thunder
Fighting all who rob or plunder
Underdog (ah-ah-ah-ah)
Underdog
UNDERDOG!


Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.
		-- Aleister Crowley


	"Yes, sir, the bowling ball nipple rings in black.  Will there
be anything else?"


The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as
we could with both of them.
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"


This login session: $13.99, but for you $11.88


Be it our wealth, our jobs, or even our homes;
nothing is safe while the legislature is in session.


Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.


... But as records of courts and justice are admissible, it can
easily be proved that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed
and were a scourge to mankind.  The evidence (including confession)
upon which certain women were convicted of witchcraft and executed was
without a flaw; it is still unimpeachable.  The judges' decisions based
on it were sound in logic and in law.  Nothing in any existing court
was ever more thoroughly proved than the charges of witchcraft and
sorcery for which so many suffered death.  If there were no witches,
human testimony and human reason are alike destitute of value.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Xerox does it again and again and again and ...


	Human thinking can skip over a great deal, leap over small
misunderstandings, can contain ifs and buts in untroubled corners of
the mind. But the machine has no corners. Despite all the attempts to
see the computer as a brain, the machine has no foreground or
background. It can be programmed to behave as if it were working with
uncertainty, but -- underneath, at the code, at the circuits -- it
cannot simultaneously do something and withhold for later something that
remains unknown. In the painstaking working out of the specification,
line by code line, the programmer confronts an awful, inevitable truth:
The ways of human and machine understanding are disjunct.
		-- Ellen Ullman, "Close to the Machine"


We must remember the First Amendment which
protects any shrill jackass no matter how self-seeking.
		-- F. G. Withington


I love treason but hate a traitor.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


I know you're in search of yourself, I just haven't seen you anywhere.


If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad,
he should see how bad it is with representation.


It says he made us all to be just like him.  So if we're dumb, then
god is dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side.
		-- Frank Zappa


I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have
gotten the hostages released.  I thank God they were satisfied with the
missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
		-- Oliver North


I knew Leo G. Carrol
Was over a barrel
When Tarantula took to the hills.	["Lick it!"]
And I really got hot
When I saw Jeanette Scott
Fight a triffid that spits poison and kills.

Science fiction, double feature
Doctor X will build a creature.
See androids fighting Brad and Janet
Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh
At the late night, double feature, picture show.
		-- The Rocky Horror Picture Show


Magary's Principle:
	When there is a public outcry to cut deadwood and fat from any
	government bureaucracy, it is the deadwood and the fat that do
	the cutting, and the public's services are cut.


In Greene, New York, it is illegal to eat peanuts and walk backwards on
the sidewalks when a concert is on.


Then there was the Scot that wanted to rob a jewelry store -- he tossed a
brick through the show window and ran off with a king's ransom.  They
caught him when he came back for the brick.


She's such a kinky girl,
The kind you don't take home to mother.
She will never let your spirits down
Once you get her off the street.


Committee, n.:
	A group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group
	decide that nothing can be done.
		-- Fred Allen


	A boy scout troop went on a hike.  Crossing over a stream, one of
the boys dropped his wallet into the water.  Suddenly a carp jumped, grabbed
the wallet and tossed it to another carp.  Then that carp passed it to
another carp, and all over the river carp appeared and tossed the wallet back
and forth.
	"Well, boys," said the Scout leader, "you've just seen a rare case
of carp-to-carp walleting."


	It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and
by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate
the habit of thinking about what we are doing.  The precise opposite is the
case.  Civilization advances by extending the numbers of important operations
which we can perform without thinking about them.  Operations of thought are
like cavalry charges in battle -- they are strictly limited in number, they
require fresh horses, and must only be made at decisive moments.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead


Hear about...
	the young thing who is fondly known to the men in the office as
	Secretariat -- not just because she's a good secretary but because
	she's a wonderful mount?


Mary had a little sheep,
And with the sheep she went to sleep,
The sheep turned out to be a ram,
And Mary had a little lamb.


Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.


I'm not laughing behind your back; everything funny is in front!
		-- Rodney Dangerfield's wife


Il y avait une madame de Lahore
Dont la figure n'etait la meilleure,
	Mais la vagine tres forte,
	Toujours ouverte la porte,
Encore, et encore, et encore.


You will have long and healthy life.


Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


It has long been an article of our folklore that too much knowledge or skill,
or especially consummate expertise, is a bad thing.  It dehumanizes those who
achieve it, and makes difficult their commerce with just plain folks, in whom
good old common sense has not been obliterated by mere book learning or fancy
notions.  This popular delusion flourishes now more than ever, for we are all
infected with it in the schools, where educationists have elevated it from
folklore to Article of Belief.  It enhances their self-esteem and lightens
their labors by providing theoretical justification for deciding that
appreciation, or even simple awareness, is more to be prized than knowledge,
and relating (to self and others), more than skill, in which minimum
competence will be quite enough.
		-- The Underground Grammarian


I just asked myself... what would John DeLorean do?
		-- Raoul Duke


	"Haig, in congressional hearings before his confirmatory, paradoxed
his audiencers by abnormaling his responds so that verbs were nouned, nouns
verbed, and adjectives adverbised.  He techniqued a new way to vocabulary his
thoughts so as to informationally uncertain anybody listening about what he
had actually implicationed.
	"If that is how General Haig wants to nervous breakdown the Russian
leadership, he may be shrewding his way to the biggest diplomatic invent
since Clausewitz.  Unless, that is, he schizophrenes his allies first."
		-- The Guardian


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	When are you going to grow up?
	I'm only doing this for your own good.
	Why are you crying?  Stop crying, or I'll give you something to
		cry about.
	What's wrong with you?
	Someday you'll thank me for this.
	You'd lose your head if it weren't attached.
	Don't you have any sense at all?
	If you keep sucking your thumb, it'll fall off.
	Why?  Because I said so.
	I hope you have a kid just like yourself.


The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two
chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
		-- Carl G. Jung


Q:	How do you pick up a quarter off of Polk Street?
A:	Kick it over to Van Ness.


My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
		-- Christopher Morley


Hubbard's Law:
	Don't take life too seriously;
	you won't get out of it alive.


You could get a new lease on life -- if only you
didn't need the first and last month in advance.


***** Special AI Seminar (abstract)

It has been widely recognized that AI programs require expert knowledge
in order to perform well in complex domains.  But knowledge alone is not
sufficient for some applications; wisdom is needed as well.  Accordingly,
we have developed a new approach to artificial intelligence which we call
"wisdom engineering".  As a test of our ideas, we have written IMMANUEL, a
wisdom based system for the task domain of western philosophical thought.
IMMANUEL was supplied initially with 200 wisdom units which contained wisdom
about such elementary concepts as mind, matter, being, nothingness, and so
forth.  IMMANUEL was then allowed to run freely, guided by the heuristic
rules contained in its heterarchically organized meta wisdom base.  IMMANUEL
succeeded in rediscovering most of the important philosophical ideas developed
in western culture over the course of the last 25 centuries, including those
underlying Plato's theory of government, Kant's metaphysics, Nietzsche's theory
of value, and Husserl's phenomenology.  In this seminar, we will describe
IMMANUEL's achievements and internal architecture.  We will also briefly
discuss our recent efforts to apply wisdom engineering to oil exploration.


Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain


There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.


SYSTEM-INDEPENDENT:
	Works equally poorly on all systems.


My wife and I only smoke after sex.  I've had the same pack since 1967.
She's up to three packs a day.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield


Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.


The goys have proven the following theorem...
		-- Physicist John von Neumann, at the start of a classroom
		lecture.


Beware of low-flying butterflies.


Jehovah is an alien and still threatens this planet!


Cats are smarter than dogs.  You can't make eight cats pull
a sled through the snow.


It is a hard matter, my fellow citizens,
to argue with the belly, since it has no ears.
		-- Marcus Porcius Cato


Of what you see in books, believe 75%.  Of newspapers, believe 50%.  And of
TV news, believe 25% -- make that 5% if the anchorman wears a blazer.


I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything
constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast
and drown myself in the noise.
		-- Charles Schmid, the "Tucson Murderer"


My best argument against discrimination is quite simple:

Does it really matter if the ABC people are inferior to the DEF people if
they can tell one end of a gun from the other?


I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
		-- John D. Rockefeller


About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.


You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).


To a Californian, the basic difference between the people and the pigeons
in New York is that the pigeons don't shit on each other.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


I found out why my car was humming.  It had forgotten the words.


17th Rule of Friendship:

A friend will refrain from telling you he picked up the same amount
of life insurance coverage you did for half the price when yours is
noncancellable.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a
reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating
the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for
independence.
		-- Charles A. Beard


