THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #5 -- LAIDBACK

	LAIDBACK was developed at the (now defunct) Marin County Center for
T'ai Chi, Mellowness and Computer Programming, as an alternative to the more
intense languages of nearby Silicon Valley.
	The Center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs
while they worked.  Unfortunately, few programmers could survive there long,
since the Center outlawed pizza and RC Cola in favor of bean curd and Perrier.
	Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a
gentle and nonthreatening language.  For example, LAIDBACK responded to
syntax errors with the message SORRY MAN, I JUST CAN'T DEAL BEHIND THAT.


	People who claim to know jackrabbits will tell you they are primarily
motivated by Fear, Stupidity and Craziness.  But I have spent enough time in
jackrabbit country to know that most of them lead pretty dull lives; they are
bored with their daily routines:  eat, fuck, sleep, hop around a bush now and
then... No wonder some of them drift over the line into cheap thrills once in
a while; there has to be a powerful adrenaline rush in crouching by the side of
a road, waiting for the next set of headlights to come along, then streaking
out of the bushes with split-second timing and making it across to the other
side just inches in front of the speeding front wheels.
	Why not?  Anything that gets the adrenaline moving like a 440 volt
blast in a copper bathtub is good for the reflexes and keeps the veins free
of cholesterol ...  but too many adrenaline rushes in any given time-span has
the same bad effect on the nervous system as too many electro-shock treatments
are said to have on the brain:  after a while you start burning out the
circuits.
	When a jackrabbit gets addicted to road running, it is only a matter
of time before he gets smashed -- and when a journalist turns into a politics
junkie he will sooner or later start raving and babbling in print about things
that only a person who has Been There can possibly understand.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.


Recent research has tended to show that the Abominable No-Man
is being replaced by the Prohibitive Procrastinator.
		-- C. N. Parkinson


Retirement means that when someone says "Have a nice day", you
actually have a shot at it.


The rights and interests of the laboring man will be protected and cared
for not by our labor agitators, but by the Christian men to whom God in his
infinite wisdom has given control of property interests of the country, and
upon the successful management of which so much remains.
		-- George F. Baer, railroad industrialist


The happiest time in any man's life is just after the first divorce.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#8

Going Out:
	When a man says he is ready to go out, it means he is ready to go
out.  When a woman says she is ready to go out, it means she WILL be ready
to go out, as soon as she finds her earring, finishes putting on her makeup,
checks on the kids, makes a phone call to her best friend...

Cats:
	Women love cats.  Men say they love cats, but when women aren't
looking, men kick cats.

Offspring:
	Ah, children.  A woman knows all about her children.  She knows
about dentist appointments and soccer games and romances and best friends
and favorite foods and secret fears and hopes and dreams.  Men are vaguely
aware of some short people living in the house.


	At his sentencing, Herbie Sperling proved that he was the all-time
stand-up guy.
	Sperling's lawyer made a lengthy, impassioned plea for his client.
He talked of mercy, justice, humanity to fellow men who have chosen the wrong
path.  Yes, the crimes were serious, yes, Mr. Sperling deserves a prison
sentence, but the maximum sentence was not warranted.
	Then the judge turned to Sperling.  "Mr. Sperling, is there anything
you wish to say?"
	"Yes, Your Honor.  If you think I'm going to beg for mercy, you've
got another think coming.  You're all a bunch of fucking fascist cocksuckers,
you can all go to hell, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you..."
		-- Gregory Wallace, "Papa's Game"


A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.


If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.


IOT trap -- mos dumped


Poisoned coffee, n.:
	Grounds for divorce.


People in general do not willingly read
if they have anything else to amuse them.
		-- S. Johnson


What luck for the rulers that men do not think.
		-- Adolf Hitler


When I was in college, there were a lot of four-letter words you couldn't
say in front of girls.  Now you can say them.  But you can't say "girls".


As well look for a needle in a bottle of hay.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful.
My thoughts aren't too clear, but don't run away.
My girlfriend's a bore; my job is too dutiful.
Hell nobody's perfect, would you like to play?
I feel together today!
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Coconut Telegraph"


We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!
		-- Vroomfondel


Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.
		-- Nelson Algren


	A housewife, an accountant and a lawyer were asked to add 2 and 2.
	The housewife replied, "Four!".
	The accountant said, "It's either 3 or 4.  Let me run those figures
through my spread sheet one more time."
	The lawyer pulled the drapes, dimmed the lights and asked in a
hushed voice, "How much do you want it to be?"


The Roman Rule
	The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the
	one who is doing it.


LIBRA (Sept 23 - Oct 23)
	Major achievements, new friends, and a previously unexplored way
	to make a lot of money will come to a lot of people today, but
	unfortunately you won't be one of them.  Consider not getting out
	of bed today.


I Don't Mind If You Lie to Me, As Long As I Ain't Lyin' Alone
I Wouldn't Take You to a Dog Fight Even If I Thought You Could Win
If You Leave Me, Walk Out Backwards So I'll Think You're Comin' In
Since You Learned to Lip-Sync, I'm At Your Disposal
My John Deere Was Breaking Your Field, While Your Dear John Was
	Breaking My Heart
Don't Cry, Little Darlin', You're Waterin' My Beer
Tennis Must Be Your Racket, 'Cause Love Means Nothin' to You
When You Say You Love Me, You're Full of Prunes, 'Cause Living
	With You Is the Pits
I Wanted Your Hand in Marriage but All I Got Was the Finger
		-- proposed Country-Western song titles from "Wordplay"


A snake lurks in the grass.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)


Your step will soil many countries.


A Difficulty for Every Solution.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


Ralph's Observation:
It is a mistake to let any mechanical object
realise that you are in a hurry.


I owe the government $3400 in taxes.  So I sent them two hammers and a
toilet seat.
		-- Michael McShane


Kill a commie for Christ!


People who make no mistakes do not usually make anything.


Rotten wood cannot be carved.
		-- Confucius, "Analects", Book 5, Ch. 9


Oh I'm just a typical American boy
From a typical American town.
I believe in God and Senator Dodd
And keeping old Castro down.
And when it came my time to serve
I knew "Better Dead Than Red",
But when I got to my old draft board,
Buddy, this is what I said:

Chorus:
	Sarge, I'm only eighteen, I've got a ruptured spleen,
	And I always carry a purse!
	I've got eyes like a bat and my feet are flat,
	And my asthma's getting worse!
	Yes, think of my career and my sweetheart dear,
	And my poor old invalid aunt!
	Besides I ain't no fool, I'm a-going to school
	And I'm a-working in a defense plant!
		-- Phil Ochs, "Draft Dodger Rag"


Future will arrive by its own means.  Progress not so.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.


The die is cast.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar


One man's constant is another man's variable.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


Magic is always the best solution -- especially reliable magic.


The Government just announced today the creation of the Neutron Bomb II.
Similar to the Neutron Bomb, the Neutron Bomb II not only kills people
and leaves buildings standing, but also does a little light housekeeping.


... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and
legally ... impeccable!


The superpowers often behave like two heavily armed blind men feeling their
way around a room, each believing himself in mortal peril from the other,
whom he assumes to have perfect vision.  Each tends to ascribe to the other
side a consistency, foresight and coherence that its own experience belies.
Of course, even two blind men can do enormous damage to each other, not to
speak of the room.
		-- Henry Kissinger


You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.


Congratulations are in order for Tom Reid.

He says he just found out he is the winner of the 2021 Psychic of the
Year award.


Q:	Why was Cinderella banished from the Magic Kingdom?
A:	For sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Tell the truth!
	Tell a lie!  Tell the truth!  Tell a lie!"


QOTD:
	"I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD."


If the girl you love moves in with another guy once, it's more than enough.
Twice, it's much too much.  Three times, it's the story of your life.


Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.


Uh-oh -- I've let the cat out of the bag.  Let me, then,
straightforwardly state the thesis I shall now elaborate:
Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
		-- Douglas R. Hofstadter, "Metamagical Themas"


Never offend with style when you can offend with substance.


So you fucked up... you trusted us!
		-- Animal House


What did you bring that book I didn't want
to be read to out of about Down Under up for?


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(30) The United States will again go to war.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Why do we want intelligent terminals
when there are so many stupid users?


Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
		-- Han Solo


Everlasting peace will come to the world when the last man has slain
the last but one.
		-- Adolf Hitler


	A master was explaining the nature of the Tao to one of his novices,
"The Tao is embodied in all software -- regardless of how insignificant,"
said the master.
	"Is the Tao in a hand-held calculator?" asked the novice.
	"It is," came the reply.
	"Is the Tao in a video game?" continued the novice.
	"It is even in a video game," said the master.
	"And is the Tao in the DOS for a personal computer?"
	The master coughed and shifted his position slightly.  "The lesson is
over for today," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Money and women are the most sought after and the least known of any two
things we have.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
		-- Groucho Marx


To do two things at once is to do neither.
		-- Publilius Syrus


Opiates are the religion of the upper-middle classes.
		-- Debbie VanDam


Yes, I've now got this nice little apartment in New York, one of those
L-shaped ones.  Unfortunately, it's a lower case l.
		-- Rita Rudner


Famous last words:
	1: Don't unplug it, it will just take a moment to fix.
	2: Let's take the shortcut, he can't see us from there.
	3: What happens if you touch these two wires tog...
	4: We won't need reservations.
	5: It's always sunny there this time of the year.
	6: Don't worry, it's not loaded.
	7: They'd never (be stupid enough to) make him a manager.
	8: Don't worry!  Women love it!


Drive defensively, buy a tank.


A life spent in search of the perfect hash brownie is a life well spent.


A midget had a date with a very tall girl.  It was a quiff-hanger.


A proctologist is a doctor who puts in a hard day at the orifice.


The Worst Lines of Verse
For a start, we can rule out James Grainger's promising line:
	"Come, muse, let us sing of rats."
Grainger (1721-67) did not have the courage of his convictions and deleted
these words on discovering that his listeners dissolved into spontaneous
laughter the instant they were read out.
	No such reluctance afflicted Adam Lindsay Gordon (1833-70) who was
inspired by the subject of war.
	"Flash! flash! bang! bang! and we blazed away,
	And the grey roof reddened and rang;
	Flash! flash! and I felt his bullet flay
	The tip of my ear.  Flash! bang!"
By contrast, Cheshire cheese provoked John Armstrong (1709-79):
	"... that which Cestria sends, tenacious paste of solid milk..."
While John Bidlake was guided by a compassion for vegetables:
	"The sluggard carrot sleeps his day in bed,
	The crippled pea alone that cannot stand."
George Crabbe (1754-1832) wrote:
	"And I was ask'd and authorized to go
	To seek the firm of Clutterbuck and Co."
William Balmford explored the possibilities of religious verse:
	"So 'tis with Christians, Nature being weak
	While in this world, are liable to leak."
And William Wordsworth showed that he could do it if he really tried when
describing a pond:
	"I've measured it from side to side;
	Tis three feet long and two feet wide."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Law of Continuity:
	Experiments should be reproducible.
	They should all fail the same way.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(31) To more and more American intellectuals, a victorious United States
     is a sinful United States.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Human resources are human first, and resources second.
		-- J. Garbers


I GUESS I'LL NEVER FORGET HER.  And maybe I don't want to.  Her spirit
was wild, like a wild monkey.  Her beauty was like a beautiful horse
being ridden by a wild monkey.  I forget her other qualities.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


	Leslie West heads for the sticks, to Providence, Rhode Island and
tries to hide behind a beard.  No good.  There are still too many people
and too many stares, always taunting, always smirking.  He moves to the
outskirts of town. He finds a place to live -- huge mansion, dirt cheap,
caretaker included.  He plugs in his guitar and plays as loud as he wants,
day and night, and there's no one to laugh or boo or even look bored.
	Nobody's cut the grass in months.  What's happened to that caretaker?
What neighborhood people there are start to talk, and what kids there are
start to get curious.  A 13 year-old blond with an angelic face misses supper.
Before the summer's end, four more teenagers have disappeared.  The senior
class president, Barnard-bound come autumn, tells Mom she's going out to a
movie one night and stays out.  The town's up in arms, but just before the
police take action, the kids turn up.  They've found a purpose.  They go
home for their stuff and tell the folks not to worry but they'll be going
now.  They're in a band.
		-- Ira Kaplan


Understand, v.:
	To reach a point, in your investigation of some subject, at which
	you cease to examine what is really present, and operate on the
	basis of your own internal model instead.


Has anyone ever tasted an "end"?  Are they really bitter?


Two Swedish guys get of a ship and head for the nearest bars.  Each one
orders two vodkas and immediately downs them.  They they order two more
and once again quickly throw them back.  They then order two more.  When
they arrive, one of them picks up his glass, and, turning to the other,
toasts him, "Skoal!"
	The other turns to the first man and scolds, "Hey!  Did you come
here to screw around, or did you come here to drink?"


Reactor error - core dumped!


Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh
dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.


Oxygen is a very toxic gas and an extreme fire hazard.  It is fatal in
concentrations of as little as 0.000001 p.p.m.  Humans exposed to the
oxygen concentrations die within a few minutes.  Symptoms resemble very
much those of cyanide poisoning (blue face, etc.).  In higher
concentrations, e.g. 20%, the toxic effect is somewhat delayed and it
takes about 2.5 billion inhalations before death takes place.  The reason
for the delay is the difference in the mechanism of the toxic effect of
oxygen in 20% concentration.  It apparently contributes to a complex
process called aging, of which very little is known, except that it is
always fatal.

However, the main disadvantage of the 20% oxygen concentration is in the
fact it is habit forming.  The first inhalation (occurring at birth) is
sufficient to make oxygen addiction permanent.  After that, any
considerable decrease in the daily oxygen doses results in death with
symptoms resembling those of cyanide poisoning.

Oxygen is an extreme fire hazard.  All of the fires that were reported in
the continental U.S. for the period of the past 25 years were found to be
due to the presence of this gas in the atmosphere surrounding the buildings
in question.

Oxygen is especially dangerous because it is odorless, colorless and
tasteless, so that its presence can not be readily detected until it is
too late.
		-- Chemical & Engineering News February 6, 1956


He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies, the Director, Lucifer,
Belial, and once, at a party, some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".
		-- Stig's Inferno


A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well
schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about
it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
		-- Carlyle


