"You are old, father William," the young man said,
	"And your hair has become very white;
And yet you incessantly stand on your head --
	Do you think, at your age, it is right?"

"In my youth," father William replied to his son,
	"I feared it might injure the brain;
But, now that I'm perfectly sure I have none,
	Why, I do it again and again."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Love makes fools, marriage cuckolds, and patriotism malevolent imbeciles.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Passe-temps"


The goal of science is to build better mousetraps.
The goal of nature is to build better mice.


Four men had been playing golf together for twenty years.  After their usual
Saturday game one week, one of the men joined the other three for a post-game
shower for the first time.  His friends were surprised - "For twenty years",
one of them says, "you haven't showered after our game, you've just waited for
us in the clubhouse.  Why the sudden change?"
	"Well", replies their friend, "I was born with a fairly unusual
medical condition.  I had both a penis and a vagina.  Last month I finally
decided to have the vagina removed."
	The other three men look at him in disbelief and disgust.  "You
mean," snaps one of them, "you could have played from the women's tee all
these years?"


Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?  Is it something I said?
		-- Tom Ryan


Old McDonald had a farm,
E-I-E-I-O!
And on this farm he had some chicks,
E-I-E-I-O!
With a chick-chick here,
And a chick-chick there,
Here a chick,
There a chick,
Everywhere a chick-chick,
Old McDonald lost his farm
'Cause he had too many chicks!


		Double Bucky
	(Sung to the tune of "Rubber Duckie")

Double bucky, you're the one!
You make my keyboard lots of fun
	Double bucky, an additional bit or two:
(Vo-vo-de-o!)
Control and Meta side by side,
Augmented ASCII, nine bits wide!
	Double bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Double bucky, left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of
	Double bucky, I'm happy I heard of
	Double bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- Guy L. Steele, Jr., (C) 1978
		(to Nicholas Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		by screen editors.)


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. Beer understands the difference between shooting down an unidentified
	aircraft in a war zone and blowing a Korean airliner out of the sky.
 2. A beer would never own a car with an automatic transmission.
 3. A beer never fishes for compliments.
 4. Beer tastes good.
 5. A beer can enjoy an evening of watching "Johnny-the-Wadd-Holmes' Greatest
	Hits" as much as you do.
 6. An ice-cold beer will nonetheless let you have your way with it.
 7. A beer won't ask you to pick up some tampons when you go to the store.
 8. Beer never asks you to change the station.
 9. A beer won't fill up your 'Vette with 85-octane gas because it's twenty
	cents less expensive.
10. A beer won't make you eat experimental vegetarian meals that taste
	like grass.


The rate at which a disease spreads through a corn field is a precise
measurement of the speed of blight.


In Pocatello, Idaho, a law passed in 1912 provided that "The carrying
of concealed weapons is forbidden, unless same are exhibited to public
view."


A fisherman from Maine went to Alabama on his vacation.  He rented a boat,
rowed out to the middle of the lake, and cast his line, but when he looked
down into the water he was horrified to see a man wrapped in chains lying
on the bottom of the lake.  He quickly rowed to shore and ran to the police
station.  "Sheriff, sheriff," he gasped, there's a guy wrapped in chains,
drowned in the lake!"
	"Now ain't that jest like a Yankee," drawled the sheriff, "to steal
more chain than he can swim with?"


Dorothy:	How can you talk if you haven't got a brain?
Scarecrow:	I don't know.  But some people without brains do an
		awful lot of talking, don't they?
		-- Judy Garland and Ray Bolger, "The Wizard of Oz"


Generic Fortune.


The one sure way to make a lazy man look
respectable is to put a fishing rod in his hand.


