The nipples of Sarah Sarong
When excited are twelve inches long
	This embarrassed her lover
	Who was pained to discover
She expected no less of his dong


Never use "etc." -- it makes people think there is more where
there is not or that there is not space to list it all, etc.


A key to the understanding of all religions is that a God's idea of a
good time is a game of Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs.


And now, the Bing Crosby show, brought to you by the makers of Ex-Lax.
... a brief pause, and then Bing!


Anyone can become angry -- that is easy; but to be angry with the right
person, to the right degree, at the right time, for the right purpose
and in the right way -- that is not easy.
		-- Aristotle


Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.

Corollary:
	Following the rules will not get the job done.


The greatest lies of all time:
	 (1) I love you.
	 (2) This won't hurt a bit.
	 (3) The Mercedes is paid for.
	 (4) The check is in the mail.
	 (5) I was just going to call you.
	 (6) I've always worn cowboy boots.
	 (7) I swear I won't come in your mouth.
	 (8) Of course I'll respect you in the morning.
	 (9) We have a really challenging assignment for you.
	(10) I'm from the government, and I'm here to help you.


Most people want either less corruption
or more of a chance to participate in it.


Distance doesn't make you any smaller,
but it does make you part of a larger picture.


The only problem with being a man of leisure
is that you can never stop and take a rest.


Disks travel in packs.


By doing just a little every day, you can
gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.


If I had a penis I'd wear it outside,
In cafes and car lots, with pomp and with pride.
If I had a penis I'd pamper it proper
I'd stay in the tub and use me as the stopper.
If I had a penis I'd take it to parties
Stretch it and stroke it and shove it at smarties.
I'd take it to pet shows and teach it to stay.
I'd stuff it in turkeys on Thanksgiving Day.

I'd rival my buddies in sportscars and stick shifts.
I'd shower my spire with girlies and gifts.
I'd peek around corners; I'd aim at my toilet;
I'd poke it at foreigners and soap it and oil it.
If I had a penis I'd run to my mother;
Comb out the hair and compare it to brother.
I'd lance her, I'd knight her, my hands would indulge...
Pants would seem tighter and buckle and bulge.
[Chorus]
	A penis to plunder, a penis to push
	'Cause one in the hand is worth one in the bush.
	A penis to love me, a penis to share,
	To pick up and play with when nobody's there.
		-- Uncle Bonsai, "Penis Envy"


Those who can't write, write manuals.


Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.


The last good thing written in C was Franz Schubert's Symphony No. 9.
		-- Werner Trobin


Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.


Buffy:	No!  You guys are gonna have a prom.  The kind of prom that
	everyone should have.  I'm going to give you all a nice, fun,
	normal evening; if I have to kill every single person on the
	face of the earth to do it!
Xander:	Yay.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred,
Tan me hide when I'm dead.
So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde,
It's hanging there on the shed.

All together now...
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.


But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


A large spider in an old house built a beautiful web in which to catch flies.
Every time a fly landed on the web and was entangled in it the spider devoured
him, so that when another fly came along he would think the web was a safe and
quiet place in which to rest.  One day a fairly intelligent fly buzzed around
above the web so long without lighting that the spider appeared and said,
"Come on down."  But the fly was too clever for him and said, "I never light
where I don't see other flies and I don't see any other flies in your house."
So he flew away until he came to a place where there were a great many other
flies.  He was about to settle down among them when a bee buzzed up and said,
"Hold it, stupid, that's flypaper.  All those flies are trapped."  "Don't be
silly," said the fly, "they're dancing."  So he settled down and became stuck
to the flypaper with all the other flies.

Moral:  There is no safety in numbers, or in anything else.
		-- James Thurber, "The Fairly Intelligent Fly"


Two men, both close to retirement, are working on the assembly line.  One
boasts to the other, "Last night I made love to my wife *three* times!"
	"Three times!", replies his friend.  "How did you do it?"
	"Well," says the first man, "I made love to my wife and set the
alarm clock for two hours later.  When it went off we made love again.
Then, I reset it for the morning and we made love once more before I came
to work.  I feel like a bull!"
	His friend says, "Well, that *is* fantastic!  I'm going to have
to give it a try."  So, he goes home that night and makes love to his
wife.  Figuring he doesn't need to set the alarm clock, he settles off
to sleep.  Waking up a few hours later, he nudges his wife and they make love
again.  Waking up in the morning he makes love to his wife for the third
time.  Looking over at the clock he realizes that he's twenty minutes late
for work.  He throws on his clothes and runs down to the subway.  When
he gets to the factory his boss is standing there waiting.
	"Frank", he says, "I've been working for you for 18 years, and I've
never been late before.  You've got to forgive me twenty minutes this once!"
	"Well," replies his boss, "okay, but it's not the twenty minutes
that had me worried.  Where were you Tuesday, where were you Wednesday..."


My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems,
and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.  ...  We should be
reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch. Space is indifferent
to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not
we grapple with it. But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand,
slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point
from which we can explore and understand and utilize it. To turn back now
would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
		-- James A. Michener


Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.


What they say:				What they mean:

A major technological breakthrough...	Back to the drawing board.
Developed after years of research	Discovered by pure accident.
Project behind original schedule due	We're working on something else.
	to unforeseen difficulties
Designs are within allowable limits	We made it, stretching a point or two.
Customer satisfaction is believed	So far behind schedule that they'll be
	assured					grateful for anything at all.
Close project coordination		We're gonna spread the blame, campers!
Test results were extremely gratifying	It works, and boy, were we surprised!
The design will be finalized...		We haven't started yet, but we've got
						to say something.
The entire concept has been rejected	The guy who designed it quit.
We're moving forward with a fresh	We hired three new guys, and they're
	approach				kicking it around.
A number of different approaches...	We don't know where we're going, but
						we're moving.
Preliminary operational tests are	Blew up when we turned it on.
	inconclusive
Modifications are underway		We're starting over.


Last night I met upon the stair
A little man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today.
Gee how I wish he'd go away!


Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.


Mason's First Law of Synergism:
The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.


Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


(Sung to the tune of "The Impossible Dream" from MAN OF LA MANCHA)

	To code the impossible code,
	To bring up a virgin machine,
	To pop out of endless recursion,
	To grok what appears on the screen,

	To right the unrightable bug,
	To endlessly twiddle and thrash,
	To mount the unmountable magtape,
	To stop the unstoppable crash!


I've had a perfectly wonderful evening.  But this wasn't it.
		-- Groucho Marx


When pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?


I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"


It's hard to drive at the limit, but
it's harder to know where the limits are.
		-- Stirling Moss


Over the years, I've developed my sense of deja vu so acutely that now
I can remember things that *have* happened before ...


Fortune's Exercising Truths:

1:  Richard Simmons gets paid to exercise like a lunatic.  You don't.
2.  Aerobic exercises stimulate and speed up the heart.  So do heart attacks.
3.  Exercising around small children can scar them emotionally for life.
4.  Sweating like a pig and gasping for breath is not refreshing.
5.  No matter what anyone tells you, isometric exercises cannot be done
    quietly at your desk at work.  People will suspect manic tendencies as
    you twitter around in your chair.
6.  Next to burying bones, the thing a dog enjoys most is tripping joggers.
7.  Locking four people in a tiny, cement-walled room so they can run around
    for an hour smashing a little rubber ball -- and each other -- with a hard
    racket should immediately be recognized for what it is: a form of insanity.
8.  Fifty push-ups, followed by thirty sit-ups, followed by ten chin-ups,
    followed by one throw-up.
9.  Any activity that can't be done while smoking should be avoided.


Reinhart was never his mother's favorite -- and he was an only child.
		-- Thomas Berger


Hear about...
	the fellow who got ten years for pumping Ethyl behind the station?


"It could be that Walter's horse has wings" does not imply that there is
any such animal as Walter's horse, only that there could be; but "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" does imply Walter's horse's
existence.  But the conjunction "Walter's horse exists, and it could be
that Walter's horse has wings" still does not imply "Walter's horse is a
thing that could have wings", for perhaps it can only be that Walter's
horse has wings by Walter having a different horse.  Nor does "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" conversely imply "It could be that
Walter's horse has wings"; for it might be that Walter's horse could only
have wings by not being Walter's horse.

I would deny, though, that the formula [Necessarily if some x has property P
then some x has property P] expresses a logical law, since P(x) could stand
for, let us say "x is a better logician than I am", and the statement "It is
necessary that if someone is a better logician than I am then someone is a
better logician than I am" is false because there need not have been any me.
		-- A. N. Prior, "Time and Modality"


Moderation in all things.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer [Terence]


	I managed to say, "Sorry," and no more.  I knew that he disliked
me to cry.
	This time he said, watching me, "On some occasions it is better
to weep."
	I put my head down on the table and sobbed, "If only she could come
back; I would be nice."
	Francis said, "You gave her great pleasure always."
	"Oh, not enough."
	"Nobody can give anybody enough."
	"Not ever?"
	"No, not ever.  But one must go on trying."
	"And doesn't one ever value people until they are gone?"
	"Rarely," said Francis.  I went on weeping; I saw how little I had
valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
		-- Pamela Frankau, "The Duchess and the Smugs"


You might get caught holding the bag.  Say she's your sister.


Certainly the game is rigged.
Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"


The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds
is of course a shameful canard.  The key age has traditionally been
more like fourteen.
		-- Robert Christgau, "Esquire"


Hear about...
	the freshman coed who decided not to sign up for a course in sex
	education when she heard the final exam would be oral?


God wanted to have a holiday, so He asked St. Peter for suggestions on
where to go.
	"Why not go to Jupiter?" asked St. Peter.
	"No, too much gravity, too much stomping around," said God.
	"Well, how about Mercury?"
	"No, it's too hot there."
	"Okay," said St. Peter, "What about Earth?"
	"No," said God, "They're such horrible gossips.  When I was
there 2000 years ago, I had an affair with a Jewish woman, and they're
still talking about it."


Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.


Think lucky. If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
		-- Darrell Royal


I always wake up at the crack of ice.
		-- Joe E. Lewis


Oh, by the way, which one's Pink?
		-- Pink Floyd


Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.


	"...A strange enigma is man!"
	"Someone calls him a soul concealed in an animal," I suggested.
	"Winwood Reade is good upon the subject," said Holmes.  "He remarked
that, while the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he
becomes a mathematical certainty.  You can, for example, never foretell what
any one man will do, but you can say with precision what an average number
will be up to.  Individuals vary, but percentages remain constant.  So says
the statistician."
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Sign of Four"


I have nothing but utter contempt for the courts of this land.
		-- George Wallace


I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.


Unix programmers do it with pipes.


Q:	How do you tell if an elephant has been making love in your
	backyard?
A:	If all your trashcan liners are missing ...


Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being
that a belch is more satisfying.
		-- Ingmar Bergman


An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


British Israelites:
	The British Israelites believe the white Anglo-Saxons of Britain to
be descended from the ten lost tribes of Israel deported by Sargon of Assyria
on the fall of Sumeria in 721 B.C. ... They further believe that the future
can be foretold by the measurements of the Great Pyramid, which probably
means it will be big and yellow and in the hand of the Arabs.  They also
believe that if you sleep with your head under the pillow a fairy will come
and take all your teeth.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"


Q:	What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"?
A:	About three inches.


We took some pictures of the girls, but they weren't developed.
		-- Groucho Marx


...the heat come 'round and busted me for smiling on a cloudy day.


Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.


The Great Movie Posters:

The nightmare terror of the slithering eye that unleashed agonizing
horror on a screaming world!
		-- The Crawling Eye (1958)

SEE a female colossus... her mountainous torso, skyscraper limbs,
giant desires!
		-- Attack of the Fifty-Foot Woman (1958)

Here Is Your Chance To Know More About Sex.
What Should a Movie Do?  Hide It's Head in the Sand Like an Ostrich?
Or Face the JOLTING TRUTH as does...
		-- The Desperate Women (1958)


Tyger, Tyger, burning bright		Where the hammer?  Where the chain?
In the forests of the night,		In what furnace was thy brain?
What immortal hand or eye		What the anvil?  What dread grasp
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?	Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

Burnt in distant deeps or skies		When the stars threw down their spears
The cruel fire of thine eyes?		And water'd heaven with their tears
On what wings dare he aspire?		Dare he laugh his work to see?
What the hand dare seize the fire?	Dare he who made the lamb make thee?

And what shoulder & what art		Tyger, Tyger, burning bright
Could twist the sinews of they heart?	In the forests of the night,
And when thy heart began to beat	What immortal hand or eye
What dread hand & what dread feet	Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

Could fetch it from the furnace deep
And in thy horrid ribs dare steep
In the well of sanguine woe?
In what clay & in what mould
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
		-- William Blake, "The Tyger"


If I could read your mind, love,
What a tale your thoughts could tell,
Just like a paperback novel,
The kind the drugstore sells,
When you reach the part where the heartaches come,
The hero would be me,
Heroes often fail,
You won't read that book again, because
	the ending is just too hard to take.

I walk away, like a movie star,
Who gets burned in a three way script,
Enter number two,
A movie queen to play the scene
Of bringing all the good things out in me,
But for now, love, let's be real
I never thought I could act this way,
And I've got to say that I just don't get it,
I don't know where we went wrong but the feeling is gone
And I just can't get it back...
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "If You Could Read My Mind"


	During a session with a marriage counselor, the wife snapped at her
husband: "That's not true, I do enjoy sex!"  Then, turning to the counselor,
she added: "But this fiend expects it three or four times a year!"


Kaufman's First Law of Party Physics:
	Population density is inversely proportional
	to the square of the distance from the keg.


Winter is nature's way of saying, "Up yours."
		-- Robert Byrne


Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real
with the ideal never goes unpunished.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Bahdges?  We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
		-- "The Treasure of Sierra Madre"


Your mothers ghost stands at your shoulder
Face like ice, a little bit colder
She says "You can't do that it breaks all the rules
You learned in school"
But I don't really see
Why can't we go on as three?
		-- David Crosby, "Triad"


The Advertising Agency Song:

	When your client's hopping mad,
	Put his picture in the ad.
	If he still should prove refractory,
	Add a picture of his factory.


The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new
discoveries, is not "Eureka!" (I found it!) but "That's funny ..."
		-- Isaac Asimov


Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at
different speeds.  A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
		-- Clive James


The next person to mention spaghetti stacks
to me is going to have his head knocked off.
		-- Bill Conrad


QOTD:
	"I am not sure what this is, but an `F' would only dignify it."


A chronic disposition to inquiry
deprives domestic felines of vital qualities.


Retirement means that when someone says "Have a nice day", you
actually have a shot at it.


Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.


If you sell diamonds, you cannot expect to have many customers.
But a diamond is a diamond even if there are no customers.
		-- Swami Prabhupada


Even in the moment of our earliest kiss,
When sighed the straitened bud into the flower,
Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this;
And that I knew, though not the day and hour.
Too season-wise am I, being country-bred,
To tilt at autumn or defy the frost:
Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did,
I say with them, "What's out tonight is lost."
I only hoped, with the mild hope of all
Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree,
A fairer summer and a later fall
Than in these parts a man is apt to see,
And sunny clusters ripened for the wine:
I tell you this across the blackened vine.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay, "Even in the Moment of
		   Our Earliest Kiss", 1931


The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is
that they serve to represent the complex of our experiences;
beyond this they have no legitimacy.
		-- Albert Einstein


What did Snow white say when told she was pregnant?
	"I'd like to thank all the little people who made this possible..."

Presumably this all started that evening when she was feeling Happy...


No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.


There's a handsome boy who tells me how I've changed his past.  He buys me
a brandy...  Could it be he's really just after my ass?
		-- Pete Townshend, "How Many Friends"


Support the Girl Scouts!
	(Today's Brownie is tomorrow's Cookie!)


Love at first sight is one of the greatest
labor-saving devices the world has ever seen.


Words have a longer life than deeds.
		-- Pindar


No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere.


Psychologist, n.:
	Someone who watches everyone else when an attractive woman walks
	into a room.


What does it take for Americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to
win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent?
In independent thought about this question, Neil Armstrong and I concluded
that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in Neil's view, the
simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of American life.  First, a
base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done.  Second,
a period of national uneasiness about America's place in the scheme of human
activities must exist.  Third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses
the national attention upon the direction to proceed.  Finally, an articulate
and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with
words and action the great thing to be accomplished.  The motivation of young
Americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of
conditions. ...  The Thomas Jeffersons, The Teddy Roosevelts, The John
Kennedys appear.  We must begin to create the tools of leadership which they,
and their young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward.
		-- Dr. Harrison H. Schmidt


Look at it this way:
Your wife's spending $280 a month on meditation lessons to
forget $26,000 of college education.
And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?


To be patriotic, hate all nations but your own; to be religious, all sects
but your own; to be moral, all pretences but your own.
		-- Lionel Strachey


An expert is one who knows more and more about less
and less until he knows absolutely nothing about everything.


Two is company, three is an orgy.


COMPLIMENT:
	When you say something to another which everyone knows isn't true.


Anya:	Look, I know you find me attractive, I've seen you looking
	at my breasts.
Xander:	Nothing personal, but when a guy does that it just means
	his eyes are open.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.


Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging alimony, that
reckless generosity which is found only in men who are giving away
someone else's cash.
		-- P. G. Wodehouse, "Louder and Funnier"


The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.


Two Peace Corp. doctors who had just returned to a stateside hospital
were in front of the main desk in the midst of a heated argument that
went along these lines:
	(1st doctor)	"No, no, no! It's 'waaaahmmmb'"
	(2nd doctor)	"No you're wrong! It's 'woooooommmb'"
and this continued for quite sometime.
	Finally a nurse stepped in and said: "The correct pronunciation is
'womb'" and trotted off.
	(1st doctor)	"That shows you what she knows."
	(2nd doctor)	"Yeah.  I bet she's never even SEEN a hippopotamus,
let alone heard one fart underwater."


Rugby, n.:
	A sport requiring leather balls.


When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
		-- Gen. C. Abrams


Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
		-- Paul Simon


Hard, adj.:
	The quality of your own data; also how it is to believe those
	of other people.


Six days after the Creation, Adam was still alone in the Garden of
Eden, and getting pretty desperate. "God!" he cried, "rescue me from
loneliness and despair!  Send some company for Your sake!"

God replied "OK, I have just the thing. Keep you warm and relaxed all
the days of your life.  Never complains.  Looks up to you in every way.
It'll cost you though".

"Sounds ideal" said Adam. "The society of the beasts of the field and
the birds of the air palls after a while.  What's the price?"

"An arm and a leg", said God.

Adam thought about it for a bit and finally sighed.  "So, what can I get
for a rib?"


I doubt, therefore I might be.


The best way to cut off a cat's tail is to repossess his Jaguar.


Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.


The universe does not have laws -- it has habits, and habits can be
broken.


The race is not always to the swift, nor the
battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet.
		-- Damon Runyon


You're not my type.  For that matter, you're not even my species!!!


People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.


Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb


I don't kill flies, but I like to mess with their minds.  I hold them above
globes.  They freak out and yell "Whooa, I'm *way* too high."
		-- Bruce Baum


I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood.
		-- Daffy Duck, "Robin Hood Daffy", [1958, Chuck Jones]


The superpowers often behave like two heavily armed blind men feeling
their way around a room, each believing himself in mortal peril from
the other, whom he assumes to have perfect vision.  Each tends to
ascribe to the other side a consistency, foresight and coherence that
its own experience belies.  Of course, even two blind men can do
enormous damage to each other, not to speak of the room.
		-- Henry Kissinger


Death before dishonor.
But neither before breakfast.


A green hunting cap squeezed the top of the fleshy balloon of a head.  The
green earflaps, full of large ears and uncut hair and the fine bristles that
grew in the ears themselves, stuck out on either side like turn signals
indicating two directions at once.  Full, pursed lips protruded beneath the
bushy black moustache and, at their corners, sank into little folds filled
with disapproval and potato chip crumbs.  In the shadow under the green visor
of the cap Ignatius J. Reilly's supercilious blue and yellow eyes looked down
upon the other people waiting under the clock at the D. H. Holmes department
store, studying the crowd of people for signs of bad taste in dress.  Several
of the outfits, Ignatius noticed, were new enough and expensive enough to be
properly considered offenses against taste and decency.  Possession of
anything new or expensive only reflected a person's lack of theology and
geometry; it could even cast doubts upon one's soul.
		-- John Kennedy Toole, "Confederacy of Dunces"


Producers seem to be so prejudiced against actors who've had no training.
And there's no reason for it.  So what if I didn't attend the Royal Academy
for twelve years?  I'm still a professional trying to be the best actress
I can.  Why doesn't anyone send me the scripts that Faye Dunaway gets?
		-- Farrah Fawcett-Majors


... TheysaidDoyouseethebiggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehill?andIsaidYesIsee
thebiggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehillTheresabigdarkforestbetweenmeandthe
biggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehillandalittleoldladyridingonaHoovervacuum
cleanersayingIllgetyoumyprettyandyourlittledogTototoo ...

	I don't even *HAVE* a dog Toto...


Q:	How many Martians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	One and a half.


Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.
		-- Dave Millman


The Greatest Mathematical Error
	The Mariner I space probe was launched from Cape Canaveral on 28
July 1962 towards Venus.  After 13 minutes' flight a booster engine would
give acceleration up to 25,820 mph; after 44 minutes 9,800 solar cells
would unfold; after 80 days a computer would calculate the final course
corrections and after 100 days the craft would circle the unknown planet,
scanning the mysterious cloud in which it is bathed.
	However, with an efficiency that is truly heartening, Mariner I
plunged into the Atlantic Ocean only four minutes after takeoff.
	Inquiries later revealed that a minus sign had been omitted from
the instructions fed into the computer.  "It was human error", a launch
spokesman said.
	This minus sign cost L4,280,000.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


Q:	What's the capital of Canada?
A:	American.


Men -- can't live with 'em, can't leave
'em by the curb when you're done.


Catholicism has changed tremendously in the recent years.  Now when
Communion is served there is also a salad bar.
		-- Bill Maher


We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.  If any of us had been
born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken
out and shot.
		-- Strange de Jim


Texas is Hell on woman and horses.
		-- Wayne Oakes


Why my thoughts are my own, when they are in, but when they are out they
are another's.
		-- Susanna Martin, executed for witchcraft, 1681


Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who
will get the blame.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


One hundred women are not worth a single testicle.
		-- Confucius


"But I don't want to go on the cart..."
"Oh, don't be such a baby!"
"But I'm feeling much better..."
"No you're not... in a moment you'll be stone dead!"
		-- Monty Python, "The Holy Grail"


Yinkel, n.:
	A person who combs his hair over his bald spot,
	hoping no one will notice.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
		-- Harry S. Truman


Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...


Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely
want to help you could agree with each other?


Lost: gray and white female cat.
Answers to electric can opener.


Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


I wish a robot would get elected president.  That way, when he came to town,
we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad.
		-- Jack Handey


Note: The system panics with a "NULL pointer dereference" message

Failed due to: SunOS 5.8 is installed.
		-- Output of a SunCheckup run on a Solaris 8 machine


Welcome to the Zoo!


After the ground war began, captured Iraqi soldiers said any of them caught
by superiors wearing a white T-shirt would be executed because of the ease
with which the shirts could be used as surrender flags.  Some Iraqi soldiers
carried bleach with them to make their dark shirts white.
		-- Chuck Shepherd, Funny Times, May 1991


In our system there's no intermediate step between a definitive Supreme
Court decision and violent revolution.
		-- Al Gore (New York Magazine, May 29 2006)


... So this is a very confusing situation, and what makes it even worse
is, our standards keep changing.  Take Playboy magazine.  Back in the
1950s, when I started reading it strictly for the articles, Playboy was
considered just about the raciest thing around, even though all it ever
showed was women's breasts.  Granted, any given one of these breasts
would have provided adequate shelter for a family of four, but the
overall effect was no more explicit than many publications we think
nothing of today, such as Sports Illustrated's Annual Nipples Poking
Through Swimsuits Issue.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"


You can't take damsel here now.


Poisoned coffee, n.:
	Grounds for divorce.


Hear about...
	the man who never worried about his marriage until he moved from New
	York to California and discovered that he still had the same milkman?


My analyst told me that I was right out of my head,
	But I said, "Dear Doctor, I think that it is you instead.
Because I have got a thing that is unique and new,
	To prove it I'll have the last laugh on you.
'Cause instead of one head -- I've got two.

And you know two heads are better than one.


QOTD:
	"I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance."


A young man walks into a bus station, and goes into the men's room to relieve
himself.  When he steps in he sees a leprechaun with the most enormous penis
he has ever seen.  As he urinates, he cannot avoid spying on the giant member
of the tiny man dressed in green.  The leprechaun zips up and the man asks him
if he is indeed a real leprechaun.
	The little man says, "Aye, me laddie, I'm a leprechaun, and I can
grant you three wishes."
	"Oh, wow!" comes the reply, "What do I need to do?"
	"Well, havin' such a large cock makes it a bit awkward with the
ladies, the thing not fittin' and all...  I'll grant you your three wishes
if you wouldn't mind suckin' me dick 'til I come."  The man is a bit taken
aback, but agrees, realizing that the three wishes will be priceless.  After
the tiny fellow has come, he starts to walk away.
	The man exclaims, "Hey, what about my three wishes?"
	Replies the leprechaun, "How old are you, me boy?"
	"25."
	"Aren't you a wee bit old to be believin' in leprechauns?"


The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.


A policeman is walking his beat when he finds an inebriated man collapsed
against a building, weeping uncontrollably and holding his car keys in his
hands.  He's moaning something about how "They took my car!"  Seeing that
the man is well-dressed, the officer suspects that he may have a real case
of theft on his hands and attempts to question the man.
	"What happened to your car?"
	"My car, it was right on the end of my key, and those bastards
stole it!  Please officer, get my Porsche back.  My God, it was right on
the end of my key!  Where is it?  They stole it and it was right here;
right on my key!"
	"OK, OK, stand up, we'll see what we can do.  You'll have to come
down to the stat...  Mister, your fly's unzipped and you're exposing
yourself!"
	"Oh my God, they stole my girlfriend!"


	A man dies and is getting his tour of heaven.  His guide is pointing
out the various features and landmarks when the man asks, "What's that cliff?"
	"Oh, you don't want to look down there.  That's hell!"
	The man creeps up to the edge and looks over.  He sees lush, green
valleys, verdant farmland and trees everywhere.  "This doesn't look so bad,"
he says.
	Puzzled, the guide comes over and looks down.  "Damn!" he snaps,
"Those Mormons have been irrigating again!"


Critics are like eunuchs in a harem: they know how it's done, they've
seen it done every day, but they're unable to do it themselves.
		-- Brendan Behan


One day the King decided that he would force all his subjects to tell the
truth.  A gallows was erected in front of the city gates.  A herald announced,
"Whoever would enter the city must first answer the truth to a question
which will be put to him."  Nasrudin was first in line.  The captain of the
guard asked him, "Where are you going?  Tell the truth -- the alternative
is death by hanging."
	"I am going," said Nasrudin, "to be hanged on that gallows."
	"I don't believe you."
	"Very well, if I have told a lie, then hang me!"
	"But that would make it the truth!"
	"Exactly," said Nasrudin, "your truth."


Experience is not what happens to you;
it is what you do with what happens to you.
		-- Aldous Huxley


Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired
signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not
fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.  This world in arms is not
spending money alone.  It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the
genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children.  This is not a way
of life at all in any true sense.  Under the clouds of war, it is
humanity hanging on a cross of iron.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower, April 16, 1953


He who attacks the fundamentals of the American
broadcasting industry attacks democracy itself.
		-- William S. Paley, chairman of CBS


The superior man understands what is right;
the inferior man understands what will sell.
		-- Confucius


