If you don't count some of Jehovah's injunctions, there are no humorists
in the Bible.
		-- Mordecai Richler


Two heads are more numerous than one.


Chicken Soup, n.:
	An ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of aureomycin,
	cocaine, interferon, and TLC.  The only ailment chicken soup
	can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Drink Canada Dry!  You might not succeed, but it *_i_s* fun trying.


On day a Monterey daughter
Did scuba down under the water.
	She later turned up
	The mom of a pup,
And they say t'was an otter that gotter.


I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
		-- Walt Disney


I'm sorry I missed.
		-- Squeaky Fromme


Recipe for a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster:
	(1) Take the juice from one bottle of Ol' Janx Spirit
	(2) Pour into it one measure of water from the seas of
		Santraginus V (Oh, those Santraginean fish!)
	(3) Allow 3 cubes of Arcturan Mega-gin to melt into the
		mixture (properly iced or the benzine is lost.)
	(4) Allow four liters of Fallian marsh gas to bubble through it.
	(5) Over the back of a silver spoon, float a measure of
		Qualactin Hypermint extract.
	(6) Drop in the tooth of an Algolian Suntiger.  Watch it dissolve.
	(7) Sprinkle Zamphuor.
	(8) Add an olive.
	(9) Drink... but... very carefully...
		-- Douglas Adams


I'm sorry I'm late folks, I just got out of jail.  I tried to change my
girlfriend's name.  Yeah, I went down to the hall of records.  I said, "I'd
like to change it... I'd like to change it to... LYING LITTLE BITCH!"
		-- Sam Kinison


The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


The reverse side also has a reverse side.
		-- Japanese proverb


Physically there is nothing to distinguish human society from the
farm-yard except that children are more troublesome and costly than
chickens and women are not so completely enslaved as farm stock.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Getting Married"


Mix's Law:
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary building.
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.


I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to
run their own business.  I know men that would make my wife a better
husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers


POVERTY:
	An unfortunate state that persists as long
	as anyone lacks anything he would like to have.


QOTD:
	"Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing."


Newton's Little-Known Seventh Law:
	A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.


QOTD:
	"I'd never marry a woman who didn't like pizza.  I might play
	golf with her, but I wouldn't marry her."


You teach best what you most need to learn.


The eye is a menace to clear sight, the ear is a menace to subtle hearing,
the mind is a menace to wisdom, every organ of the senses is a menace to its
own capacity. ...  Fuss, the god of the Southern Ocean, and Fret, the god
of the Northern Ocean, happened once to meet in the realm of Chaos, the god
of the center.  Chaos treated them very handsomely and they discussed together
what they could do to repay his kindness.  They had noticed that, whereas
everyone else had seven apertures, for sight, hearing, eating, breathing and
so on, Chaos had none.  So they decided to make the experiment of boring holes
in him.  Every day they bored a hole, and on the seventh day, Chaos died.
		-- Chuang Tzu


No self-respecting fish would want to be wrapped in that kind of
paper.
		-- Mike Royko on the Chicago Sun-Times after it was
		   taken over by Rupert Murdoch


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.


Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I'm trying to see how long I can go without saying yes.
	-- I'm attending the opening of my garage door.
	-- The monsters haven't turned blue yet, and I have to eat more dots.
	-- I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian.
	-- I have to fulfill my potential.
	-- I don't want to leave my comfort zone.
	-- It's too close to the turn of the century.
	-- I have to bleach my hare.
	-- I'm worried about my vertical hold knob.
	-- I left my body in my other clothes.


He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


There are few virtues that the Poles do not possess --
and there are few mistakes they have ever avoided.
		-- Winston Churchill, Parliament, August, 1945


"We're not talking about the same thing," he said. "For you the world is
weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it. For me
the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious,
unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept
responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous
desert, in this marvelous time.  I wanted to convince you that you must
learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a
short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it."
		-- Don Juan


So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in
praise of intelligence.
		-- Bertrand Russell


How soon can you have sexual relations after your wife delivers?
Well, depends on if she's in a ward or a private room.


None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
		-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work"


...we must be wary of granting too much power to natural selection
by viewing all basic capacities of our brain as direct adaptations.
I do not doubt that natural selection acted in building our oversized
brains -- and I am equally confident that our brains became large as
an adaptation for definite roles (probably a complex set of interacting
functions).  But these assumptions do not lead to the notion, often
uncritically embraced by strict Darwinians, that all major capacities
of the brain must arise as direct products of natural selection.
		-- S. J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"


To be who one is, is not to be someone else.


I know not how I came into this,
shall I call it a dying life or a living death?
		-- St. Augustine


The Worst Jury
	A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when
one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the
remotest clue what was happening.
	The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any
evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
	The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second
juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.  A fluent French
speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he
was hearing a murder trial.
	The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered
from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language
and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
	The judge ordered a retrial.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


The largest gay community in the U.S. (as a percentage of total population)
is not in San Francisco, but in Iowa Falls, Minnesota (pop. 763), a small
town in which virtually everyone is gay.  In 1976, a group of about 100
gays fleeing persecution in the South settled in the town, and soon won a
majority on the town council.  Ordinances prohibiting heterosexual acts
soon followed.  "After all," said mayor Harry Whalen, "If the Supreme Court
has refused to strike down laws prohibiting homosexual acts, then our
anti-straight laws are equally valid."  Rigorous enforcement of those laws
has resulted in a community that is now almost 100% gay.  Said one long-time
resident: "I've lived here 35 years and didn't want to leave, but I didn't
want to give up sex either.  Then my neighbor Ed came over one night, and
said how about I do it with him, and my wife Millie could do it with his
wife.  Well, I found it wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it was gonna be.
Fact is, I rather like it."


No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
		-- Quintus Ennius


Home of Doberman Propulsion Laboratories:
The ultimate in watchdog weaponry.
		-- Chris Shaw


If it doesn't smell yet, it's pretty fresh.
		-- Dave Johnson, on dead seagulls


We're Knights of the Round Table
We dance whene'er we're able
We do routines and chorus scenes	We're knights of the Round Table
With footwork impeccable		Our shows are formidable
We dine well here in Camelot		But many times
We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot.	We're given rhymes
					That are quite unsingable
In war we're tough and able,		We're opera mad in Camelot
Quite indefatigable			We sing from the diaphragm a lot.
Between our quests
We sequin vests
And impersonate Clark Gable
It's a busy life in Camelot.
I have to push the pram a lot.
		-- Monty Python


The objective of all dedicated employees should be to thoroughly analyze
all situations, anticipate all problems prior to their occurrence, have
answers for these problems, and move swiftly to solve these problems
when called upon.
	However...
When you are up to your ass in alligators it is difficult to remind
yourself your initial objective was to drain the swamp.


That government is best which governs least.
		-- Henry David Thoreau, "Civil Disobedience"


While money can't buy happiness, it certainly
lets you choose your own form of misery.


The best prophet of the future is the past.


Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents:

	THE TATERNATOR: Cyborg spud returns from the future to present-day
McDonald's restaurant to kill the potatoes (girl 'tater) who will give birth
to the world's largest french fry (The Dark Powers of Burger King are clearly
behind this).  Most quotable line: "Ah'll be baked..."

	A FISTFUL OF FRIES: Western in which our hero, The Spud with No Name,
rides into a town that's deprived of carbohydrates thanks to the evil takeover
of the low-cal Scallopinni Brothers.  Plenty of smokeouts, fry-em-ups, and
general butter-melting by all.

	FOR A FEW FRIES MORE: Takes up where AFOF left off!  Cameo by Walter
Cronkite, as every man's common 'tater!


In case of atomic attack, all work rules will be temporarily suspended.


Parkinson's Fifth Law:
	If there is a way to delay an important decision, the good
	bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.


	A Mexican and a Texan worked together for a construction firm, and,
while they were good friends, they had a friendly rivalry over whose wife
was the better cook.  One weekend, as the Texan's wife was out of town, the
Mexican invited the Texan to have supper with his family.
	The Texan accepted, and that evening sat down to some the best stew
that he had ever eaten.
	"Damn!  That stew is fantastic!" he exclaimed to his host.  "What
kind of meat is it?"
	"Rabbeet stew," replied the Mexican.
	"Rabbit?" replied the Texan. "There aren't any rabbits around here."
	"Si, my freend, the rabbeets make the beeg noise, and I shoot theem."
	"Rabbits don't make any noise..."
	"Si, my freend, they say meeyow, meeyow!"


Humility is the first of the virtues -- for other people.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


AMAZING BUT TRUE...
	If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to
	end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.


Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.


There is no comfort without pain; thus
we define salvation through suffering.
		-- Cato


You are witty, charming, handsome and above average in length.


Unfair animal names:

-- tsetse fly			-- bullhead
-- booby			-- duck-billed platypus
-- sapsucker			-- Clarence
		-- Gary Larson


	"Heard you were moving your piano, so I came over to help."
	"Thanks.  Got it upstairs already."
	"Do it alone?"
	"Nope.  Hitched the cat to it."
	"How would that help?"
	"Used a whip."


Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.


	Fred noticed his roommate had a black eye upon returning from a dance.
"What happened?"
	"I was struck by the beauty of the place."


Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.


One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to
do and always a clever thing to say.
		-- Will Durant


Advancement in position.


Quickie, n.:
	No sooner spread than done.


The University of California Statistics Department; where mean is normal,
and deviation standard.


You'll feel devilish tonight.
Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.


Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
		-- Publilius Syrus


It is better to wear chains than to believe you are free,
and weight yourself down with invisible chains.


God created woman.
And boredom did indeed cease from that moment --
but many other things ceased as well.
Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche


A girl with a future avoids the man with a past.
		-- Evan Esar, "The Humor of Humor"


Here's a toast to Screwy Dick,
The man who was born with a corkscrew prick.
He spent his life in a futile hunt,
To find a woman with a spiral cunt.
And when he did, he dropped stone dead,
'Cause the blasted thing had a left-hand thread!


There is no doubt that my lawyer is honest.  For example, when he
filed his income tax return last year, he declared half of his salary
as "unearned income."
		-- Michael Lara


Being conservative has never been regarded as old-fashioned.  But
if you fight for a sensible step in the right direction which others
has deserted you will be branded "reactionary".
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.


For a young man, not yet: for an old man, never at all.
		-- Diogenes, asked when a man should marry

When should a man marry?  A young man, not yet; an elder man, not at all.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon, "Of Marriage and Single Life"


An Hacker there was, one of the finest sort
Who controlled the system; graphics was his sport.
A manly man, to be a wizard able;
Many a protected file he had sitting on his table.
His console, when he typed, a man might hear
Clicking and feeping wind as clear,
Aye, and as loud as does the machine room bell
Where my lord Hacker was Prior of the cell.
The Rule of good St Savage or St Doeppnor
As old and strict he tended to ignore;
He let go by the things of yesterday
And took the modern world's more spacious way.
He did not rate that text as a plucked hen
Which says that Hackers are not holy men.
And that a hacker underworked is a mere
Fish out of water, flapping on the pier.
That is to say, a hacker out of his cloister.
That was a text he held not worth an oyster.
And I agreed and said his views were sound;
Was he to study till his head wend round
Poring over books in the cloisters?  Must he toil
As Andy bade and till the very soil?
Was he to leave the world upon the shelf?
Let Andy have his labor to himself!
		-- Chaucer
		   [well, almost.  Ed.]


If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekov


A motion to adjourn is always in order.


Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet,
Eating her curds and whey.
Along came a spider,
And bit her right in the snatch.


What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!
A man can be happy with any woman so long as he doesn't love her.
		-- Wilde


You will be married within a year.


Did you hear about the model who sat
on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?


Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort
of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
		-- Erma Bombeck


The lights are on,
but you're not home;
Your will
is not your own;
Your heart sweats,
Your teeth grind;
Another kiss
and you'll be mine...

You like to think that you're immune to the stuff
(Oh Yeah!)
It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough;
You know you're gonna have to face it,
You're addicted to love!"
		-- Robert Palmer


When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes;
when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not
even our virtues.
		-- Honore de Balzac


One good thing about music,
Well, it helps you feel no pain.
So hit me with music;
Hit me with music now.
		-- Bob Marley, "Trenchtown Rock"


There is nothing wrong with screwing everyone in sight.
Boring your friends about it is the sin.
		-- Mama Liz


In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in
the proper order then why can't he?


Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession.  I have come to
realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.


Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD?
My friends all got sources, so why can't I see?
Come all you moby hackers, come sing it out with me:
To hell with the lawyers from AT&T!


When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
		-- General James Gavin


A true artist will let his wife starve, his children go barefoot, his mother
drudge for his living at seventy, sooner than work at anything but his art.
		-- Shaw


This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.


That girl could suck the chrome off a bumper.


It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
		-- Hawkwind


Maintainer's Motto:
	If we can't fix it, it ain't broke.


Ehrman's Commentary:
	(1) Things will get worse before they get better.
	(2) Who said things would get better?


Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
		-- Homer


Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!


Last week I saw a girl in a sweater so tight I could hardly breathe.


Dying is a very dull, dreary affair.  My advice to you is to have
nothing whatever to do with it.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham, his last words


Have you noticed the way people's intelligence capabilities decline
sharply the minute they start waving guns around?
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Of course, most people eventually give up bowling for sex.
The balls are lighter and you don't have to change your shoes.


A [golf] ball sliced or hooked into the rough shall be lifted and placed in
the fairway at a point equal to the distance it carried or rolled into the
rough.  Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between
the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be
penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such
uncontrollable physical phenomena.
		-- Donald A. Metz


Give me Librium or give me Meth.


Kramer's Law:
	You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.


Life is a glorious cycle of song,
A medley of extemporania;
And love is thing that can never go wrong;
And I am Marie of Roumania.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Comment"


Marriage is not merely sharing the fettuccine, but sharing the
burden of finding the fettuccine restaurant in the first place.
		-- Calvin Trillin


No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
		-- Quintus Ennius


I suppose that in a few hours I will sober up. That's such a sad
thought. I think I'll have a few more drinks to prepare myself.


Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"


I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


	Obviously the subject of death was in the air, but more as something
to be avoided than harped upon.
	Possibly the horror that Zaphod experienced at the prospect of being
reunited with his deceased relatives led on to the thought that they might
just feel the same way about him and, what's more, be able to do something
about helping to postpone this reunion.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


Worth seeing?
Yes, but not worth going to see.


Forgetfulness, n.:
	A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for
	their destitution of conscience.


On the subject of C program indentation:

	"In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be
	indented six feet downward and covered with dirt."
		-- Blair P. Houghton


Why are programmers non-productive?
Because their time is wasted in meetings.

Why are programmers rebellious?
Because the management interferes too much.

Why are the programmers resigning one by one?
Because they are burnt out.

Having worked for poor management, they no longer value their jobs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


I THINK THEY SHOULD CONTINUE the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for
paneling.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


In Italy, for thirty years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror,
murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci
and the Renaissance.  In Switzerland, they had brotherly love, they had
five hundred years of democracy and peace -- and what did they produce?
The cuckoo-clock.
		-- Orson Welles, "The Third Man"


Apathy Club meeting this Friday.
If you want to come, you're not invited.


If a system is administered wisely,
its users will be content.
They enjoy hacking their code
and don't waste time implementing
labor-saving shell scripts.
Since they dearly love their accounts,
they aren't interested in other machines.
There may be telnet, rlogin, and ftp,
but these don't access any hosts.
There may be an arsenal of cracks and malware,
but nobody ever uses them.
People enjoy reading their mail,
take pleasure in being with their newsgroups,
spend weekends working at their terminals,
delight in the doings at the site.
And even though the next system is so close
that users can hear its key clicks and biff beeps,
they are content to die of old age
without ever having gone to see it.


After rushing into a drugstore, the nervous young man was obviously
embarrassed when a prim thirty-ish woman asked if she could serve him.
	"N-no," he stammered, "I'd like to see the druggist."
	"I'm the druggist", she replied cheerfully.
	"Oh.. well, uh, it's nothing important," he said, and turned to leave.
	"Young man," said the woman, "my sister and I have been running this
drugstore for nearly ten years.  There is nothing you can tell us that will
embarrass us.
	"Well, all right," he said.  "I have this awful sexual hunger that
nothing will appease.  No matter how many times I make love, I still want to
make love again and again.  Is there anything you can give me for it?"
	"Just a moment," said the woman, "I'll have to discuss this with my
sister."
	A few minutes later, she returned.  "The best we can do," she said,
"is room and board and a half-interest in the business."


Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.


The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth,
and sixth years.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Time for you to leave."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
		-- Fletcher Knebel


Science and religion are in full accord but
science and faith are in complete discord.


My idea of roughing it is when room service is late.


You buy a judge by weight, like iron in a junk yard.  A justice of the
peace or a magistrate can be had for a five-dollar bill.  In the
municipal courts, he will cost you ten.  In the circuit or superior
courts, he wants fifteen.  The state appellate courts or the state
supreme court is on a par with the Federal courts.  By the time a judge
reaches such courts, he is middle-aged, thick around the middle, fat
between the ears.  He's heavy.  You can't buy a Federal judge for less
than a twenty-dollar bill.
		-- Jake "Greasy Thumb" Guzik


FORTUNE TESTS THE GREAT MANAGERS: #5

You have just returned from a trip to Green Bay, Wisconsin in January and
tell your boss that nobody but ladies of the evening and football players
live there.  He mentions that his wife is from Green Bay.  You:

	(a)  Pretend you are suffering from amnesia and don't
		remember your name.
	(b)  Ask what position she played.
	(c)  Ask if she is still working the streets.
	(d)  Pull lacy underwear from your raincoat pocket and ask
		if he recognizes the label.


There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who
comes to visit.


Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot


Real Users know your home telephone number.


Rubber bands have snappy endings!


If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite
you.  This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
		-- Mark Twain


Many people are desperately looking for some wise advice
which will recommend that they do what they want to do.


Coming together is a beginning;
	keeping together is progress;
		working together is success.


QOTD:
	"I've got one last thing to say before I go; give me back
	all of my stuff."


Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.


Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.


Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.
Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby


Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp! cries she
With silent lips.  Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me...
		-- Emma Lazarus, "The New Colossus"


We don't smoke and we don't chew, and we don't go with girls that do.
		-- Walter Summers


Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.


There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damned Lies, and Statistics.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


A fool is a man who worries about whether or not his lover has integrity.
A wise man, on the other hand, busies himself with deeper attributes.


That secret you've been guarding, isn't.


Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion


He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


