Happy is the child whose father died rich.


Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.


Woody:  What's the story, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   The Bobbsey twins go to the brewery.
	Let's just cut to the happy ending.
		-- Cheers, Airport V

Woody:  Hey, Mr. Peterson, there's a cold one waiting for you.
Norm:   I know, and if she calls, I'm not here.
		-- Cheers, Bar Wars II: The Woodman Strikes Back

Sam:  Beer, Norm?
Norm: Have I gotten that predictable?  Good.
		-- Cheers, Don't Paint Your Chickens


If it ain't broke, don't fix it.


Hoare's Law of Large Problems:
	Inside every large problem is a small
	problem struggling to get out.


You could get a new lease on life -- if only you
didn't need the first and last month in advance.


What foods these morsels be!


QOTD:
	"Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing."


There is one difference between a tax collector and
a taxidermist -- the taxidermist leaves the hide.
		-- Mortimer Caplan


As of next Thursday, UNIX will be flushed in favor of TOPS-10.
Please update your programs.


Power corrupts.  And atomic power corrupts atomically.


Had this been an actual emergency, we would have
fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.


They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
		-- Alan Kay, commenting on Apollos


You don't sew with a fork, so I see no
reason to eat with knitting needles.
		-- Miss Piggy, on eating Chinese Food


The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
		-- W. C. Fields


I'm going through my "I want to go back to New York" phase today.  Happens
every six months or so.  So, I thought, perhaps unwisely, that I'd share
it with you.

> In New York in the winter it is million degrees below zero and
  the wind travels at a million miles an hour down 5th avenue.
> And in LA it's 72.

> In New York in the summer it is a million degrees and the humidity
  is a million percent.
> And in LA it's 72.

> In New York there are a million interesting people.
> And in LA there are 72.


I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.


Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.


Beware of altruism.  It is based on self-deception, the root of all
evil.


God did not create the world in seven days; he screwed around for six
days and then pulled an all-nighter.


Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
		-- Mark Twain


****  CONVENTION REMINDER

No experiment was approved for the convention by the Human Subjects
Committee of the Psychiatric Convention Planning Team.  If you notice
smoke coming from under a closed door, if you find a body on the hotel
carpet, or if you just meet someone who orders you to press a button
marked "450 volts", react as you would normally.


Imbalance of power corrupts and monopoly of power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Genji


The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.
This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.


Enjoy yourself while you're still old.


The best rebuttal to this kind of statistical argument came from the
redoubtable John W. Campbell:

	The laws of population growth tell us that approximately half the
	people who were ever born in the history of the world are now
	dead.  There is therefore a 0.5 probability that this message is
	being read by a corpse.


Incest, n.:
	Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.


The cost of feathers has risen, even down is up!


Everyone is a genius.  It's just that some people are too stupid to
realize it.


	Elroy stared at Barb and then leaned quietly over to Shake Tiller
and stuck out his hand.  "Son," he said.  "Tell the truth.  It ain't better
than fried chicken, is it?"
	Shake looked solemnly at Elroy, clasping his hand, and said:
	"I got to be dead honest, Roy."
	And Elroy said yeah, lay it on him.
	Shake said slowly, "For a Lesbian who gave up the only real love she
ever knew -- Sister Francis at Our Lady of Victory -- and for a person who
can't make it any more with nothing but an electric toothbrush, she's the
finest I've ever had."
		-- Dan Jenkins, "Semi-Tough"


	Home centers are designed for the do-it-yourselfer who's
willing to pay higher prices for the convenience of being able to shop
for lumber, hardware, and toasters all in one location.  Notice I say
"shop for", as opposed to "obtain".  This is the major drawback of home
centers: they are always out of everything except artificial Christmas
trees.  The home center employees have no time to reorder merchandise
because they are too busy applying little price stickers to every
object -- every board, washer, nail and screw -- in the entire store ...
	Let's say a piece in your toilet tank breaks, so you remove the
broken part, take it to the home center, and ask an employee if he has
a replacement.  The employee, who has never is his life even seen the
inside of a toilet tank, will peer at the broken part in very much the
same way that a member of a primitive Amazon jungle tribe would look at
an electronic calculator, and then say, "We're expecting a shipment of
these sometime around the middle of next week".
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Many are called, few volunteer.


Vote early and vote often.
		-- Al Capone's slogan for Big Bill Thompson's anti-reform
		   campaign for Mayor of Chicago, 1926.  Big Bill won.


Who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink?


In Denver it is unlawful to lend your vacuum cleaner to your next-door
neighbor.


Ah, the Tsar's bazaar's bizarre beaux-arts!


Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.


Why would anyone want to be called "Later"?


Bureaucracy, n.:
	A method for transforming energy into solid waste.


	This guy is walking down the beach one fine sunny day, feeling
good, when suddenly he sees this woman with no arms or legs in a wheelchair,
sobbing  like crazy.  He decides to be gallant, "What's wrong, miss?"
	"I...<sob, sniffle>...I'm 21 and I <choke> I've never been kissed...
<sniffle>"
	So this guy, he decides, what the hell, let's cheer up the poor lady.
He leans over and gives her a long wonderful kiss.  This does wonders, and
the woman's face lights up and she grins from ear to ear, and the guy wanders
away feeling wonderful.
	Well, next week, the same guy is walking along the same beach, and
sees the same girl who is once again sobbing her eyes out.  Gallant to the
end, our hero says, "What's wrong, miss, can I help?"
	"I...I'm <sob, sniffle, sniffle> 21 and I've never been fucked..."
	The guy picks her up out of her chair, cuddles her close, and brings
her over to the shore, and throws her into the water.  "Now you're fucked!"


Hi!  You have reached 962-0129. None of us are here to answer the phone and
the cat doesn't have opposing thumbs, so his messages are illegible.  Please
leave your name and message after the beep...


Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.  Most of us have gears we never use.
		-- C. Schultz


Poisoned coffee, n.:
	Grounds for divorce.


God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.


Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
		-- Frank Morgan as The Wizard, "The Wizard of Oz"


The fashionable drawing rooms of London have always been happy to accept
outsiders -- if only on their own, albeit undemanding terms.  That is to
say, artists, so long as they are not too talented, men of humble birth,
so long as they have since amassed several million pounds, and socialists
so long as they are Tories.
		-- Christopher Booker


Power is poison.


Chorus:
	I don't want to join the army, I don't want to go to war,
	I'd rather sit around, pickin' dillies off the ground,
	And livin' off the favors of an 'igh-born lady.
	I don't want a bullet up me arse 'ole,
	I don't want me pecker blown away,
	I'd rather live in England, in jolly, sunny, England,
	And fornicate me bloody life away!!

Monday I touched her on the ankle,
Tuesday I touched her on the knee,
And Wednesday after Mass, I lifted up her dress,
And Thursday I saw you know what,
Friday I put me 'and upon it,
Saturday she gave me balls a tweak [tweak, tweak]
And Sunday after supper, I ran me fucker up 'er,
And now she pays me forty quid a week!
Oh, blimey...

[chorus]


SAN DIEGO:
	Four million people, where you can't get a
	good cheeseburger, no matter how hard you try.


Rules:
	(1)  The boss is always right.
	(2)  When the boss is wrong, refer to rule 1.


The Great Movie Posters:

SCENES THAT WILL STAGGER YOUR SIGHT!
-- DANCING CALLED GO-GO
-- MUSIC CALLED JU-JU
-- NARCOTICS CALLED BANGI!
-- FIRES OF PUBERTY!
	SEE the burning of a virgin!
	SEE power of witch doctor over women!
	SEE pygmies with fantastic Physical Endowments!!!
		-- Kwaheri (1965)

The Big Comedy of Nineteen-Sexty-Sex!
		-- Boeing-Boeing (1965)

AN ASTRONAUT WENT UP-
A "GUESS WHAT" CAME DOWN!
	The picture that comes complete with a 10-foot tall monster to
give you the wim-wams!
		-- Monster a Go-Go (1965)


There's too much beauty upon this earth for lonely men to bear.
		-- Richard Le Gallienne


	Does anyone know how to get chocolate syrup and honey out of a
white electric blanket?  I'm afraid to wash it in the machine.

Thanks, Kathy.  (front desk, x17)

p.s.	Also, anyone ever used Noxzema on friction burns?
	Or is Vaseline better?


Five names that I can hardly stand to hear,
Including yours and mine and one more chimp who isn't here,
I can see the ladies talking how the times is gettin' hard,
And that fearsome excavation on Magnolia boulevard,
Yes, I'm goin' insane,
And I'm laughing at the frozen rain,
Well, I'm so alone, honey when they gonna send me home?
	Bad sneakers and a pina colada my friend,
	Stopping on the avenue by Radio City, with a
	Transistor and a large sum of money to spend...
You fellah, you tearin' up the street,
You wear that white tuxedo, how you gonna beat the heat,
Do you take me for a fool, do you think that I don't see,
That ditch out in the Valley that they're diggin' just for me,
Yes, and goin' insane,
You know I'm laughin' at the frozen rain,
Feel like I'm so alone, honey when they gonna send me home?
(chorus)
		-- Bad Sneakers, "Steely Dan"


Mankind's yearning to engage in sports is older than recorded history,
dating back to the time millions of years ago, when the first primitive
man picked up a crude club and a round rock, tossed the rock into the
air, and whomped the club into the sloping forehead of the first
primitive umpire.

What inner force drove this first athlete?  Your guess is as good as
mine.  Better, probably, because you haven't had four beers.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"


Katz' Law:
	Men and nations will act rationally when
	all other possibilities have been exhausted.

History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban


Scene:
	A small boy stands agasp on the stairway overlooking the living
room.  A rather largish man in a big red suit with white fur and red and
white belled cap hunches over the fireplace, obviously interrupted in
filling stockings with packages taken from a huge bag slung over his
shoulder.  His eyebrows are raised, matter-of-factly, as he spies the boy
intently watching him.

Caption:
	I'm sorry you've seen me, Billy.  Now I'll have to kill you.


In my sweet little night gown of blue,
On the first night that I slept with you,
	I was both shy and scared
	As the bed was prepared,
And you played peekaboo with my ribbons of blue.

As we both watched the break of day,
And in peaceful submission I lay,
	You said you adored it
	But dammit, you tore it,
My sweet little night gown of blue.


I can't mate in captivity.
		-- Gloria Steinem, on why she has never married


A racially integrated community is a chronological term timed from the
entrance of the first black family to the exit of the last white family.
		-- Saul Alinsky


	A bear and a rabbit are taking a crap in the woods.  The bear looks
over at the rabbit and asks, "Say, does shit ever stick to your fur?"
	"No."
	So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit.


Let us go then you and I
while the night is laid out against the sky
like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie.

Nice poem Tom.  I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?
		-- Ezra


Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
		-- Ebner-Eschenbach


Burbulation, v.:
	The obsessive act of opening and closing a refrigerator door in
	an attempt to catch it before the automatic light comes on.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).


Accent on helpful side of your nature.  Drain the moat.


Why was I born with such contemporaries?
		-- Oscar Wilde


	A woman was married to a golfer.  One day she asked, "If I were
to die, would you remarry?"
	After some thought, the man replied, "Yes, I've been very happy in
this marriage and I would want to be this happy again."
	The wife asked, "Would you give your new wife my car?"
	"Yes," he replied.  "That's a good car and it runs well."
	"Well, would you live in this house?"
	"Yes, it is a lovely house and you have decorated it beautifully.
I've always loved it here."
	"Well, would you give her my golf clubs?"
	"No."
	"Why not?"
	"She's left handed."


To err is humor.


	I said, "Preacher, give me strength for round 5."
	He said, "What you need is to grow up, son."
	I said, "Growin' up leads to growin' old, And then to dying, and
to me that don't sound like much fun.
		-- John Cougar, "The Authority Song"


The Law of the Perversity of Nature:
	You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.


The First Commandment for Technicians:
	Beware the lightening that lurketh in the undischarged
capacitor, lest it cause thee to bounce upon thy buttocks in a most
untechnician-like manner.


Welcome to UNIX!  Enjoy your session!  Have a great time!  Note the
use of exclamation points!  They are a very effective method for
demonstrating excitement, and can also spice up an otherwise plain-looking
sentence!  However, there are drawbacks!  Too much unnecessary exclaiming
can lead to a reduction in the effect that an exclamation point has on
the reader!  For example, the sentence

	Jane went to the store to buy bread

should only be ended with an exclamation point if there is something
sensational about her going to the store, for example, if Jane is a
cocker spaniel or if Jane is on a diet that doesn't allow bread or if
Jane doesn't exist for some reason!  See how easy it is?!  Proper control
of exclamation points can add new meaning to your life!  Call now to receive
my free pamphlet, "The Wonder and Mystery of the Exclamation Point!"!
Enclose fifteen(!) dollars for postage and handling!  Operators are
standing by!  (Which is pretty amazing, because they're all cocker spaniels!)


Television is now so desperately hungry for material
that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
		-- Gore Vidal


Don't let your status become too quo!


When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Sententiae"


To a New Yorker, the only California houses on the market for less than
a million dollars are those on fire.  These generally go for six hundred
thousand.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


The wise and intelligent are coming belatedly to realize that alcohol, and
not the dog, is man's best friend.  Rover is taking a beating -- and he
should.
		-- W. C. Fields


Atlanta makes it against the law to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole
or street lamp.


Dallas still lives.  God MUST be dead.


Just how difficult it is to write biography can be reckoned by anybody
who sits down and considers just how many people know the real truth
about his or her love affairs.
		-- Rebecca West


A sinking ship gathers no moss.
		-- Donald Kaul


Reliable source, n.:
	The guy you just met.


If you're crossing the nation in a covered wagon, it's better to have four
strong oxen than 100 chickens.  Chickens are OK but we can't make them work
together yet.
		-- Ross Bott, Pyramid U.S., on multiprocessors at AUUGM '89


More people have died in Ted Kennedy's car than in nuclear power plants.


Every suicide is a solution to a problem.
		-- Jean Baechler


	How many seconds are there in a year?  If I tell you there are
3.155  x  10^7, you won't even try to remember it.  On the other hand, who
could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a nanocentury.
		-- Tom Duff, Bell Labs


Life's too short to dance with ugly women.


Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


I thought there was something fishy about the butler.  Probably a Pisces,
working for scale.
		-- The Firesign Theatre,
		   "The Further Adventures of Nick Danger"


To do two things at once is to do neither.
		-- Publilius Syrus


I played over the music of that scoundrel Brahms.  What a giftless
bastard!  It annoys me that this self-inflated mediocrity is hailed
as a genius.  Why, in comparison with him, Riff is a genius.
		-- Tchaikovsky, October 9, 1886, diary entry


Have you ever stopped to think what it would be like to have a woman
President?  "I can't deal with the Russians today.  Not now.  I've got
my period."
		-- Steven Moore


I don't do it for the money.
		-- Donald Trump, Art of the Deal


You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.


The day will come when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the Supreme Being
as his Father, in the womb of a virgin will be classified with the fable of
the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter.  But we may hope that the
dawn of reason and freedom of thought in these United States will do away with
this artificial scaffolding and restore to us the primitive and genuine
doctrines of this most venerated Reformer of human errors.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


First there was Dial-A-Prayer, then Dial-A-Recipe, and even Dial-A-Footballer.
But the south-east Victorian town of Sale has produced one to top them all.
Dial-A-Wombat.
	It all began early yesterday when Sale police received a telephone
call: "You won't believe this, and I'm not drunk, but there's a wombat in the
phone booth outside the town hall," the caller said.
	Not firmly convinced about the caller's claim to sobriety, members of
the constabulary drove to the scene, expecting to pick up a drunk.
	But there it was, an annoyed wombat, trapped in a telephone booth.
	The wombat, determined not to be had the better of again, threw its
bulk into the fray. It was eventually lassoed and released in a nearby scrub.
	Then the officers received another message ... another wombat in
another phone booth.
	There it was: *Another* angry wombat trapped in a telephone booth.
	The constables took the miffed marsupial into temporary custody and
released it, too, in the scrub.
	But on their way back to the station they happened to pass another
telephone booth, and -- you guessed it -- another imprisoned wombat.
	After some serious detective work, the lads in blue found a suspect,
and after questioning, released him to be charged on summons.
	Their problem ... they cannot find a law against placing wombats in
telephone booths.
		-- "Newcastle Morning Herald", NSW Australia, Aug 1980


The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly
greater than that of any other animals.  Some of their most esteemed
inventions have no other apparent purpose, for example, the dinner
party of more than two, the epic poem, and the science of metaphysics.
		-- H. L. Mencken


I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so
desperately anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald on Worries"


When in doubt, do it.  It's much easier
to apologize than to get permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


A castaway was washed ashore after many days on the open sea.  The island
on which he landed was populated by savage cannibals who tied him, dazed
and exhausted, to a thick stake.  They then proceeded to cut his arms
with their spears and drink his blood.  This continued for several days
until the castaway could stand no more.  He yelled for the cannibal chief
and declared, "You can kill me if you want to, but this torture with the
spears has got to stop.  Dammit, I'm tired of getting stuck for the drinks."


		The Three Major Kind of Tools

* Tools for hitting things to make them loose or to tighten them up or
  jar their many complex, sophisticated electrical parts in such a
  manner that they function perfectly.  (These are your hammers, maces,
  bludgeons, and truncheons.)

* Tools that, if dropped properly, can penetrate your foot.  (Awls)

* Tools that nobody should ever use because the potential danger is far
  greater than the value of any project that could possibly result.
  (Power saws, power drills, power staplers, any kind of tool that uses
  any kind of power more advanced than flashlight batteries.)
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Your digestive system is your body's Fun House, whereby food goes on a long,
dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists and turns, being
attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and not knowing until the last
minute whether it will be turned into a useful body part or ejected into the
Dark Hole by Mister Sphincter.  We Americans live in a nation where the
medical-care system is second to none in the world, unless you count maybe
25 or 30 little scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in
seconds if we felt like it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Stay Fit & Healthy Until You're Dead"


Did you hear about young Henry Lockett?
He was blown down the street by a rocket.
	The force of the blast
	Blew his balls up his ass,
And his pecker was found in his pocket.


A guy comes into a bar with a frog and sets it down next to the prettiest
girl there.
	"This is a very special frog," he informs her.  "His name is Charlie."
	"What's so special about this frog?" she asks.
He's reluctant to tell her, but when pressed, explains that,
	"This frog can eat pussy."
The girl slaps him, knocking him off his chair, and accuses him of telling her
a filthy lie.  But no, he assures her, it's completely true.  And after much
discussion, she agrees to come back to his apartment to see the frog in action.
She positions herself appropriately, the guy carefully takes out the frog, and
says, "Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"  The frog is immobile, despite his
owner's exhortations, and the girl starts to snicker.
	"Okay, Charlie, do your stuff!"
	"C'mon Charlie, do your stuff!"
By now, the girl is laughing openly.
	"Okay, Charlie," says the guy, moving the frog out of the way, "I'm
only going to show you one more time."


LIBRA (Sept 23 - Oct 22)
	You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with
reality.  If you are a man, you are more than likely gay.  Chances for
employment and monetary gains are excellent.  Most Libra women are
prostitutes.  All Libra people die of Venereal disease.


Meantime, in the slums below Ronnie's Ranch, Cynthia feels as if some one
has made voodoo boxen of her and her favorite backplanes. On this fine
moonlit night, some horrible persona has been jabbing away at, dragging
magnets over, and surging these voodoo boxen.  Fortunately, they seem to
have gotten a bit bored and fallen asleep, for it looks like Cynthia may
get to go home.  However, she has made note to quickly put together a totem
of sweaty, sordid static straps, random bits of wire, flecks of once meaningful
oxide, bus grant cards, gummy worms, and some bits of old pdp backplane to
hang above the machine room.  This totem must be blessed by the old and wise
venerable god of unibus at once, before the idolatization of vme, q and pc
bus drive him to bitter revenge.  Alas, if this fails, and the voodoo boxen
aren't destroyed, there may be more than worms in the apple. Next, the
arrival of voodoo optico transmitigational magneto killer paramecium, capable
of teleporting from cable to cable, screen to screen, ear to ear and hoof
to mouth...


Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have.


The Third Law of Photography:
	If you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined
	when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of
	the dark leaks out.


Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that
each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his
choice.

In the old days, it was not called the Holiday Season; the Christians
called it "Christmas" and went to church; the Jews called it "Hanukkah"
and went to synagogue; the atheists went to parties and drank.  People
passing each other on the street would say "Merry Christmas!" or "Happy
Hanukkah!" or (to the atheists) "Look out for the wall!"
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"


"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak
	For anything tougher than suet;
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak --
	Pray, how did you manage to do it?"

"In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law,
	And argued each case with my wife;
And the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw,
	Has lasted the rest of my life."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


... it is easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the
sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all.  In other
words... their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their
superficial design flaws.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
		   on the products of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation


Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?


Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you,
	no matter how small, will attempt to use it.


Berkeley had what we called "copycenter," which is "take it down
to the copy center and make as many copies as you want."
		-- Kirk McKusick


Conversation enriches the understanding,
but solitude is the school of genius.


LIBRA (Sept 23 - Oct 23)
	Major achievements, new friends, and a previously unexplored way
	to make a lot of money will come to a lot of people today, but
	unfortunately you won't be one of them.  Consider not getting out
	of bed today.


	When managers hold endless meetings, the programmers write games.
When accountants talk of quarterly profits, the development budget is about
to be cut.  When senior scientists talk blue sky, the clouds are about to
roll in.
	Truly, this is not the Tao of Programming.
	When managers make commitments, game programs are ignored.  When
accountants make long-range plans, harmony and order are about to be restored.
When senior scientists address the problems at hand, the problems will soon
be solved.
	Truly, this is the Tao of Programming.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.


Women are like elephants to me: I like to
look at them, but I wouldn't want to own one.
		-- W. C. Fields


Love makes fools, marriage cuckolds, and patriotism malevolent imbeciles.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Passe-temps"


You will engage in a profitable business activity.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #37:

Q:  Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
A:  No.
Q:  What was he doing with the dog's ears?
A:  Picking them up in the air.
Q:  Where was the dog at this time?
A:  Attached to the ears.


Finality is death.
Perfection is finality.
Nothing is perfect.
There are lumps in it.


Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand


When you're dining out and you suspect
something's wrong, you're probably right.


"We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call
free enterprise," said Cash McCall, "but when one of our citizens
show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do
our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself."
		-- Cameron Hawley


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(18) There is no such thing as "war atrocities." War is an atrocity.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word
you say, talk in your sleep.


