I've got my ANSI C Reference book right here but it doesn't say anything
about getting raped in the ass as part of the official C language (maybe
I should get a C++ reference manual).
		-- Deuce, Jerk City


Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do;
don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you;
don't let nobody tell you what you got to do,
or you'll never know ... what's on the other side of the rainbow...
remember, if you don't follow your dreams,
you'll never know what's on the other side of the rainbow...
		-- melba moore, "the other side of the rainbow"


If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
		-- Question James Thurber used to drive his German Shepherd
		   crazy.


It has long been known that one horse can run faster
than another -- but which one?  Differences are crucial.
		-- Lazarus Long


Worst Vegetable of the Year:
	Brussel sprout.  This is also the worst vegetable of next year.
		-- Steve Rubenstein


It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
		-- Cervantes


Lackland's Laws:
	1. Never be first.
	2. Never be last.
	3. Never volunteer for anything.


Detroit is Cleveland without the glitter.


Revenge is a form of nostalgia.


Doing business with the government is like fucking sheep.
It's easy, but it's not very satisfying.


Remember Darwin; building a better
mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.


These days the necessities of life cost you about three times what
they used to, and half the time they aren't even fit to drink.


What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
		-- Wittgenstein


"The feminist agenda," Pat Robertson observed in a recent letter to his
supporters, "is not about equal rights for women. It is about a socialist,
anti-family political movement that encourages women to leave their
husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism
and become lesbians."


Do you want to know what's ahead for you, in your happiness at home,
your business success?  Here's a telling test: Look in the mirror.  Is
your skin smooth and lovely, your hair gleaming, your make-up glamorous?
Are you slender enough for your height?  Do you stand erect, confident?
Yes?  Then you are on your way to success as a woman.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal, 1947 advertisement


Don't cook tonight -- starve a rat today!


Those who claim the dead never return
to life haven't ever been around here at quitting time.


And I alone am returned to wag the tail.


	"Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart."
	"Oh, yeah?  What's he look like?"
	"Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and
paper boots."
	"What's he wanted for?"
	"Rustling."


You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.


methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutamin-
ylleucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanylvalylprolyl-
phenylalanylvalylthreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolylglycylisoleucylglutamylglu-
taminylserylleucyllysylisoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanyl-
glycylalanylaspartylalanylleucylglutamylleucylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylala-
nylserylaspartylprolylleucylalanylaspartylglycylprolylthreonylisoleucylgluta-
minylasparaginylalanylthreonylleucylarginylalanylphenylalanylalanylalanylgly-
cylvalylthreonylprolylalanylglutaminylcysteinylphenylalanylglutamylmethionyl-
leucylalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminyllysylhistidylprolylthreonylisoleu-
cylprolylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyltyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylva-
lylphenylalanylasparaginyllysylglycylisoleucylaspartylglutamylphenylalanyltyro-
sylalanylglutaminylcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylglycylvalylaspartylserylvalylleu-
cylvalylalanylaspartylvalylprolylvalylglutaminylglutamylserylalanylprolylphe-
nylalanylarginylglutaminylalanylalanylleucylarginylhistidylasparaginylvalylala-
nylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleucylcysteinylprolylprolylaspartylalanylas-
partylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginylglutaminylisoleucylalanylseryltyrosyl-
glycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylserylarginylalanylglycyl-
valylthreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylalanylalanylleucylprolylleu-
cylasparaginylhistidylleucylvalylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosylasparagi-
nylalanylalanylprolylprolylleucylglutaminylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylse-
rylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyllysylalanylalanylisoleucylaspartylalanyl-
glycylalanylalanylglycylalanylisoleucylserylglycylserylalanylisoleucylvalylly-
sylisoleucylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylhistidylasparaginylisoleucylglutamylpro-
lylglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylalanylleucyllysylvalylphenylalanylvalyl-
glutaminylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalanylthreonylarginylserine, n.:
	The chemical name for tryptophan synthetase A protein, a
	1,913-letter enzyme with 267 amino acids.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words


The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts.
		-- Sheridan


Howe's Law:
	Everyone has a scheme that will not work.


Greener's Law:
	Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.


And he climbed with the lad up the Eiffelberg Tower.  "This," cried the Mayor,
"is your town's darkest hour!  The time for all Whos who have blood that is red
to come to the aid of their country!" he said.  "We've GOT to make noises in
greater amounts!  So, open your mouth, lad!  For every voice counts!"  Thus he
spoke as he climbed.  When they got to the top, the lad cleared his throat and
he shouted out, "YOPP!"
	And that Yopp...  That one last small, extra Yopp put it over!
Finally, at last!  From the speck on that clover their voices were heard!
They rang out clear and clean.  And they elephant smiled.  "Do you see what
I mean?" They've proved they ARE persons, no matter how small.  And their
whole world was saved by the smallest of All!"
	"How true!  Yes, how true," said the big kangaroo.  "And, from now
on, you know what I'm planning to do?  From now on, I'm going to protect
them with you!"  And the young kangaroo in her pouch said, "ME TOO!  From
the sun in the summer.  From rain when it's fall-ish, I'm going to protect
them.  No matter how small-ish!"
		-- Dr. Seuss, "Horton Hears a Who"


Q:	How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but it takes a long time, and the light bulb has
	to really want to change.


UNIX is hot.  It's more than hot.  It's steaming.  It's quicksilver
lightning with a laserbeam kicker.
		-- Michael Jay Tucker


The makers may make,
And the users may use,
But the fixers must fix
With but minimal clues.


You're either part of the solution or part of the problem.
		-- Eldridge Cleaver


Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.


Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.
		-- Pink Floyd


Rune's Rule:
	If you don't care where you are, you ain't lost.


I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
		-- graffito in Los Angeles

On a clear day,
U.C.L.A.
		-- graffito in San Francisco

There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our
lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
		-- Robert Orben


	"Hey, Sam, how about a loan?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"Oh, about $500."
	"Whattaya got for collateral?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"How about an eye?"
		-- Sam Giancana


When Cthulhu calls, He calls collect!


The world wants to be deceived.
		-- Sebastian Brant


You have to regard everything I say with suspicion -- I may be trying
to bullshit you, or I may just be bullshitting you inadvertently.
		-- J. Wainwright, Mathematics 140b


There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home.
		-- Ken Olsen (President of Digital Equipment Corporation),
		   Convention of the World Future Society, in Boston, 1977


Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.


Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather
a new wearer of clothes.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated.
		-- M. C. Reed


	So Richard and I decided to try to catch [the small shark].  With
a great deal of strategy and effort and shouting, we managed to maneuver
the shark, over the course of about a half-hour, to a sort of corner of the
lagoon, so that it had no way to escape other than to flop up onto the land
and evolve.  Richard and I were inching toward it, sort of crouched over,
when all of a sudden it turned around and -- I can still remember the
sensation I felt at that moment, primarily in the armpit area -- headed
right straight toward us.
	Many people would have panicked at this point.  But Richard and I
were not "many people."  We were experienced waders, and we kept our heads.
We did exactly what the textbook says you should do when you're unarmed and
a shark that is nearly two feet long turns on you in water up to your lower
calves: We sprinted I would say 600 yards in the opposite direction, using
a sprinting style such that the bottoms of our feet never once went below
the surface of the water.  We ran all the way to the far shore, and if we
had been in a Warner Brothers cartoon we would have run right INTO the beach,
and you would have seen these two mounds of sand racing across the island
until they bonked into trees and coconuts fell onto their heads.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"


This system goes down more often than a two-dollar whore.


Thus spake the master programmer:
	"After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


If he had only learnt a little less, how
infinitely better he might have taught much more!


LIBRA (Sept 23 - Oct 23)
	Major achievements, new friends, and a previously unexplored way
	to make a lot of money will come to a lot of people today, but
	unfortunately you won't be one of them.  Consider not getting out
	of bed today.


One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they
need no answer.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron


Not that we needed all that stuff, but when you get locked into a
serious drug collection the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


A penny saved is a penny taxed.


"Wrong," said Renner.

"The tactful way," Rod said quietly, "the polite way to disagree with
the Senator would be to say, `That turns out not to be the case.'"


Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.


Well, see, I was out with this chick last night, and we were in bed, and
she groaned to me, "Give me nine inches, and make it hurt!"  So, I fucked
her twice and slapped her.


The truth about a woman often lasts longer than the woman is true.


Where there's a will, there's a relative.


Experience is not what happens to you;
it is what you do with what happens to you.
		-- Aldous Huxley


Are there those in the land of the brave
Who can tell me how I should behave
	When I am disgraced
	Because I erased
A file I intended to save?


Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins, "The Hobbit"


Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot


All phone calls are obscene.
		-- Karen Elizabeth Gordon


Q:	Where does virgin wool come from?
A:	Ugly sheep.


When I saw a sign on the freeway that said, "Los Angeles 445 miles," I said
to myself, "I've got to get out of this lane."
		-- Franklyn Ajaye


To teach is to learn twice.
		-- Joseph Joubert


This sentence no verb.


G. B. Shaw to William Douglas Home: "Go on writing plays, my boy.  One
of these days a London producer will go into his office and say to his
secretary, `Is there a play from Shaw this morning?' and when she says
`No,' he will say, `Well, then we'll have to start on the rubbish.' And
that's your chance, my boy."


XVI:
	In the year 2054, the entire defense budget will purchase just one
	aircraft.  This aircraft will have to be shared by the Air Force and
	Navy 3-1/2 days each per week except for leap year, when it will be
	made available to the Marines for the extra day.
XVII:
	Software is like entropy.  It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing,
	and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics, i.e., it always increases.
XVIII:
	It is very expensive to achieve high unreliability.  It is not uncommon
	to increase the cost of an item by a factor of ten for each factor of
	ten degradation accomplished.
XIX:
	Although most products will soon be too costly to purchase, there will
	be a thriving market in the sale of books on how to fix them.
XX:
	In any given year, Congress will appropriate the amount of funding
	approved the prior year plus three-fourths of whatever change the
	administration requests -- minus 4-percent tax.
		-- Norman Augustine


Special tonight, the best toot in town at prices you won't believe!!
Also, the finest dope, brought all the way from Columbia by spirited
young adventurers.  All available tonight, as usual, in the graduate
students bullpen from 11: pm on, usual terms and conditions.
Faculty members especially welcome.


Compuberty, n.:
	The uncomfortable period of emotional and hormonal changes a
	computer experiences when the operating system is upgraded and
	a sun4 is put online sharing files.


The honeymoon is over when a quickie before dinner refers to a short drink.


Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.


You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.


Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend
of both parties tactfully interferes.
		-- G. K. Chesterton


Eat prune yogurt for that "get up and go" feeling.


Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is
ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree.
		-- Professor W., EECS, George Washington University

I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
		-- Professor, Harvard, on a senior thesis


Life is a grand adventure -- or it is nothing.
		-- Helen Keller


What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
		-- William Blake


When arguments fail, use a blackjack.
		-- Edward "Spike" O'Donnell, Al Capone associate


Life is too short to be taken seriously.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.


	To A Quick Young Fox:
Why jog exquisite bulk, fond crazy vamp,
Daft buxom jonquil, zephyr's gawky vice?
Guy fed by work, quiz Jove's xanthic lamp --
Zow! Qualms by deja vu gyp fox-kin thrice.
		-- Lazy Dog


Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Two Gentlemen of Verona"


My ritual differs slightly.  What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I
hop into the shower stall.  Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped
in I landed barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot
character from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off
of while he showers.  Then I hop right back into the stall because our dog,
Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up powerful
dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the bathroom and wants
to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any one of which -- bear
in mind that I am naked and, without my contact lenses, essentially blind
-- could result in the kind of injury where you have to learn a whole new
part if you want to sing the "Messiah," if you get my drift.  Then I hop
right back out, because Robert, with that uncanny sixth sense some children
have -- you cannot teach it; they either have it or they don't -- has chosen
exactly that moment to flush one of the toilets.  Perhaps several of them.
		-- Dave Barry


I dined with Lord Hughing Fitz-Bluing
Who said, "Do you squirm when you're screwing?"
	I replied, "Simple shagging
	Without any wagging
Is only for screwing canoeing."


Miksch's Law:
	If a string has one end, then it has another end.


Well, my terminal's locked up, and I ain't got any Mail,
And I can't recall the last time that my program didn't fail;
I've got stacks in my structs, I've got arrays in my queues,
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

If you think that it's nice that you get what you C,
Then go : illogical statement with your whole family,
'Cause the Supreme Court ain't the only place with : Bus error views.
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

On a PDP-11, life should be a breeze,
But with VAXen in the house even magnetic tapes would freeze.
Now you might think that unlike VAXen I'd know who I abuse,
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.
		-- Core Dumped Blues


It was his third marriage and her fourth.  He was quite surprised when on
their honeymoon she pleaded, "Please be gentle, I'm still a virgin."
	"Darling, what do you mean you're still a virgin?  You've been
married three times."
	"Yes, but they all worked for DEC.  The first was a salesman,
and all he ever did was promise how good it would be.  The second was one
of their software hacks, he told me to take care of it myself.  And the
third was a field service representative, and he kept promising that it
would be up in 15 minutes.


A man's best friend is his dogma.


Premature ejaculator, n.:
	Troubled shooter.


Tearing off a quicky:
	Gunning the jump.


I am only one, but I am one.  I cannot do everything, but I can do
something.  And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what
I can do.
		-- Edward Everett Hale, (1822 - 1909)


What causes the mysterious death of everyone?


Said a dainty young whore named Ms. Meggs,
"The men like to spread my two legs,
	Then slip in between,
	If you know what I mean,
And leave me the white of their eggs."


We were happily married for eight months.  Unfortunately, we
were married for four and a half years.
		-- Nick Faldo


The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate
it.
		-- Franklin P. Jones


You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.


TAX OFFICE:
	Den of inequity.


You think Oedipus had a problem -- Adam was Eve's mother.


Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.


	Overheard in a bar:
Man: "Hey, Baby, I'd sure like to get in your pants!"
Woman: "No, thanks, I've already got one ass-hole in there now."


A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
		-- C. E. Ayres


The struggling for knowledge has a pleasure in it
like that of wrestling with a fine woman.
		-- Lord Halifax


Don't suspect your friends -- turn them in!
		-- "Brazil"


Absence makes the heart grow frantic.


There is no TRUTH.  There is no REALITY.  There is no CONSISTENCY.
There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS.  I'm very probably wrong.


Ooooooh, nooooooo, not tonite!!


We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.


I've known him as a man, as an adolescent and as a child -- sometimes
on the same day.


Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.  Check
three friends.  If they're OK, you're it.


Why not, for example, offer a brand-new Mustang convertible to every girl
who consents to having her Fallopian tubes tied in a Gordian knot?  ... It
would have the additional benefit of eliminating from the gene pool those
stupid enough to consent to such a deal.
		-- Edward Abbey


Pushing 30 is exercise enough.


For knighthood is not in the feats of war,
As for to fight in quarrel right or wrong,
But in a cause which truth cannot defer:
He ought himself for to make sure and strong,
Just to keep mixt with mercy among:
And no quarrel a knight ought to take
But for a truth, or for the common's sake.
		-- Stephen Hawes


Only a fool has no doubts.


Q:	What do you call a TV set that fixes itself?
A:	A Christian Science Monitor.


Three fine Irish lads, O'Rourke, O'Malley and O'Donnell, worked together at
the local brewery.  One day, as fate would have it, O'Rourke fell into one
of the beer vats and drowned.  O'Malley and O'Donnell, completely crestfallen,
had to break the news to his wife.
	They went 'round the Widow O'Rourke's house and informed her that her
poor dear Patrick had drowned in a beer vat that very day.  Choking back her
tears, she asked them "Tell me now, did me poor Patty suffer much?"
	"I don't think so," replied O'Donnell. "He climbed out twice to take
a piss."


For a young man, not yet: for an old man, never at all.
		-- Diogenes, asked when a man should marry

When should a man marry?  A young man, not yet; an elder man, not at all.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon, "Of Marriage and Single Life"


The reason they're called wisdom teeth
is that the experience makes you wise.


ARCHDUKE FERDINAND FOUND ALIVE --
    FIRST WORLD WAR A MISTAKE


A couch is as good as a chair.


Welcome to Fortune Blackmail!!
	Ms. Kat****** Bl****an is the mistress of a well-known
	banker in Houston, Texas.  That's $5000, please, to stop
	us from revealing both of your names, Mr. L*****, so that
	your wife Doreen, and your lovely children Diane, Janice
	and Tom need never know the name of your mistress.  You
	have two days to reach us at:

		Fortune Blackmail
		Behind the hot water pipes,
		Third stall from the end,
		Greyhound Bus Terminal, Fayette MO.


Nobody shot me.
		-- Frank Gusenberg, his last words, when asked by police
		   who had shot him 14 times with a machine gun in the
		   Saint Valentine's Day Massacre.

Only Capone kills like that.
		-- George "Bugs" Moran, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre

The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
		-- Al Capone, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre


Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


The sex life of spiders is very interesting.
He fucks her.
She bites his head off.
		-- From a Women's Lib Poster


My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right
thing to say.  And then say it with the utmost levity.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Vanilla, adj.:
	Ordinary flavor, standard.  See FLAVOR.  When used of food,
very often does not mean that the food is flavored with vanilla
extract!  For example, "vanilla-flavored won ton soup" (or simply
"vanilla won ton soup") means ordinary won ton soup, as opposed to hot
and sour won ton soup.


Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
		-- Steinbach


Hear about...
	the girl with the big wardrobe who started with just a little slip?


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AKBAR KHALI-KILI HAFTIR LOTFAN.
	Thank you for showing me your marvelous gun.

FEKR GABUL CARDAN DAVAT PAEH GUSH DIVAR.
	I am delighted to accept your kind invitation to lie down
	on the floor with my arms above my head and my legs apart.

SHOMAEH FEKR TAMOMEH QEH GOFTEH BANDE.
	I agree with everything you have ever said or thought in your life.


	Once in a medieval times...there was a King who was getting sort of
bored after dinner one night.  He decided to hold a contest of who at the
court had the mightiest "weapon".  The first knight stood up and proclaimed
that he had the mightiest weapon... he pulled down his pants and tied a 5
pound weight around it.  The weapon doth rose.  The crowds cheered... the
women swooned... the children waved multi-colored banners... and the band
played appropriate music.
	Another knight stood up and claimed that he had the mightiest weapon.
He dropped his pants and tied a 10 pound weight to himself.  The weapon doth
rose. The crowds cheered... the women swooned... the children waved
multi-colored banners...  and the band played appropriate music.
	After several more knights tried to prove their superiority...  the
King finally spoke out. "I have the mightiest weapon of them all!" He dropped
his pants and tied, not a 10 pound, not a 20 pound, not ever a thirty pound,
but a 40 pound weight, plus a coffee pot, to himself. The weapon doth rose.
The crowds cheered...  the women swooned... the children waved multi-colored
banners... and the band played "God Save the Queen."


Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
		-- Quentin Crisp


A real gentleman never takes bases unless he really has to.
		-- Overheard in an algebra lecture


From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.


Your temporary financial embarrassment will
be relieved in a surprising manner.


Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!


