Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.


The universe does not have laws -- it has habits, and habits can be
broken.


Many a man has fallen in love with a girl in a light so dim he would
not have chosen a suit by it.
		-- Maurice Chevalier


Justice is incidental to law and order.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.

Corollary:
	Following the rules will not get the job done.


See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist.  I mean, kind of ... in a way ...


Things worth having are worth cheating for.


Research is to see what everybody else has seen,
and think what nobody else has thought.


More than any time in history, mankind now faces a crossroads.  One path
leads to despair and utter hopelessness, the other to total extinction.
Let us pray that we have the wisdom to choose correctly.
		-- Woody Allen, "Side Effects"


Woman:      "Is Yoo-Hoo hyphenated?"
Yogi Berra: "No, ma'am, its not even carbonated."


Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
		-- Donald Kaul


Confusion, n.:
	Father's Day in San Francisco.


A.I. hackers do it with robots.


When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him
keep her.
		-- Sacha Guitry


What is love but a second-hand emotion?
		-- Tina Turner


Majorities, of course, start with minorities.
		-- Robert Moses


Actually, the probability is 100% that the elevator
will be going in the right direction.  Proof by induction:

N=1.	Trivially true, since both you and the elevator
	only have one floor to go to.

Assume true for N, prove for N+1:
	If you are on any of the first N floors, then it is true by the
	induction hypothesis.  If you are on the N+1st floor, then both you
	and the elevator have only one choice, namely down.  Therefore,
	it is true for all N+1 floors.
QED.


Invest in physics -- own a piece of Dirac!


Universities are places of knowledge.  The freshman each bring a little
in with them, and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.


She stood on the tracks
Waving her arms
Leading me to that third rail shock
Quick as a wink
She changed her mind

She gave me a night
That's all it was
What will it take until I stop
Kidding myself
Wasting my time

There's nothing else I can do
'Cause I'm doing it all for Leyna
I don't want anyone new
'Cause I'm living it all for Leyna
There's nothing in it for you
'Cause I'm giving it all to Leyna
		-- Billy Joel, "All for Leyna" (Glass Houses)


Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Ten Ever-Lovin' Blue-Eyed Years With
		   Pogo"


Cunnilingus is next to godliness.


The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
		-- Mark Twain


Would you please have another look at my nose and put in that cocaine
stuff ...
		-- Adolf Hitler, quoted by Dr. Giesing in Nuremberg
		   trial testimony, 1947


Bubble Memory, n.:
	A derogatory term, usually referring to a person's
intelligence.  See also "vacuum tube".


When your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn
They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Sisters of Mercy"


My idea of roughing it turning the air conditioner too low.


Andrea: Unhappy the land that has no heroes.
Galileo: No, unhappy the land that _n_e_e_d_s heroes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Life of Galileo"


MEMORIES OF MY FAMILY MEETINGS still are a source of strength to me.  I
remember we'd all get into the car -- I forget what kind it was -- and
drive and drive.

I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some bees there. The
smell of something was strong in the air as we played whatever sport we
played.  I remember a bigger, older guy whom we called "Dad."  We'd eat
some stuff or not and then I think we went home.

I guess some things never leave you.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who
will get the blame.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter


A new lumberjack had just finished his first month in the lonely wilds of
Alaska, where there were no women for miles.  He finally couldn't take it
anymore and nervously asked the foreman what the other men did to relieve
the pressure.
	"Try the hole in the barrel outside the shower," suggested the
foreman.  "The other men swear by it."
	The lumberjack dubiously tried it out and had the experience of
his life.  "That barrel is fantastic!  Warm!  Wet!  I'm going to use it
every day!"
	"Every day but the third Wednesday of the month," one of the
other men replied.
	"Why not then?"
	"That's your day in the barrel."


Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents:

	THE TATERNATOR: Cyborg spud returns from the future to present-day
McDonald's restaurant to kill the potatoes (girl 'tater) who will give birth
to the world's largest french fry (The Dark Powers of Burger King are clearly
behind this).  Most quotable line: "Ah'll be baked..."

	A FISTFUL OF FRIES: Western in which our hero, The Spud with No Name,
rides into a town that's deprived of carbohydrates thanks to the evil takeover
of the low-cal Scallopinni Brothers.  Plenty of smokeouts, fry-em-ups, and
general butter-melting by all.

	FOR A FEW FRIES MORE: Takes up where AFOF left off!  Cameo by Walter
Cronkite, as every man's common 'tater!


To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser


The only alliance I would make with the Women's Liberation Movement is in bed.
		-- Abbey Hoffman


There's no saint like a reformed sinner.


The two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
		-- Harlan Ellison


Gynecologist, n.:
	Someone who spends their time spreading old wives' tails.


The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an
"airplane-seat" metaphor.  Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers
while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference --
one can see only a very few things at once.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr.


Forty isn't old, if you're a tree.


To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
		-- Shelley


	Youth is not a time of life--it is a state of mind. It is not a
matter of red cheeks, red lips and supple knees. It is a temper of the
will; a quality of the imagination; a vigor of the emotions; it is a
freshness of the deep springs of life.  Youth means a tempermental
predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure
over a life of ease.  This often exists in a man of fifty, more than in
a boy of twenty.  Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years;
people grow old by deserting their ideals.

	Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles
the soul.  Worry, doubt, self-distrust, fear and despair--these are the
long, long years that bow the head and turn the growing spirit back to
dust.

	Whether seventy or sixteen, there is in every being's heart a
love of wonder; the sweet amazement at the stars and starlike things and
thoughts; the undaunted challenge of events, the unfailing childlike
appetite for what comes next, and the joy in the game of life.

	You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young
as your self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as
old as your despair.

	In the central place of your heart there is a wireless station.
So long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, grandeur,
courage, and power from the earth, from men and from the Infinite--so
long are you young.  When the wires are all down and the central places
of your heart are covered with the snows of pessimism and the ice of
cynicism, then are you grown old, indeed!
		-- Samuel Ullman, "Youth" (1934), as published in
		   The Silver Treasury, Prose and Verse for Every Mood


It's never too late to have a happy childhood.


Saturday night in Toledo Ohio,
Is like being nowhere at all,
All through the day how the hours rush by,
You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
		-- John Denver, "Saturday Night in Toledo Ohio"


To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for
you in your private heart is true for all men -- that is genius.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson


The magic of our first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


There never was a good war or a bad peace.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.


Cold, adj.:
	When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own
	pockets.


For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.


Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and its goodbye
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"


It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.


Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that.


Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #1.

^Cu vi parolas angle?			Do you speak English?
Mi ne komprenas.			I don't understand.
Vi estas la sola esperantisto kiun mi	You're the only Esperanto speaker
	renkontas.				I've met.
La ^ceko estas enpo^stigita.		The check is in the mail.
Oni ne povas, ^gin netrovi.		You can't miss it.
Mi nur rigardadas.			I'm just looking around.
Nu, ^sajnis bona ideo.			Well, it seemed like a good idea.


Il y avait un jeune homme de dijon,
Qui n'avait que peu de religion.
	Il dit:"quant a' moi,
	Je deteste tous les trois,
Le pere, et le fils, et le pigeon-"


Operators mount anything!


Haste makes waste.
		-- John Heywood


Sometimes, when I think of what that girl means
to me, it's all I can do to keep from telling her.
		-- Andy Capp


I've got a very bad feeling about this.
		-- Han Solo


It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods
to Grandmother's condo.


(German philosopher) Georg Wilhelm Hegel, on his deathbed, complained, "Only
one man ever understood me."  He fell silent for a while and then added,
"And he didn't understand me."


Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.


I wouldn't marry her with a ten foot pole.


Come fill the cup and in the fire of spring
Your winter garment of repentance fling.
The bird of time has but a little way
To flutter -- and the bird is on the wing.
		-- Omar Khayyam


Stanford women are responsible for the success of many Stanford men:
they give them "just one more reason" to stay in and study every night.


Four fifths of the perjury in the world is expended on
tombstones, women and competitors.
		-- Lord Thomas Robert Dewar


Well, I went to a party, and what did they do?
They took off their socks and they took off their shoes.
They took off their shirts, and they took off their pants,
I had a hunch, we weren't gonna dance.

Everybody, everybody's ass was bare,
No bras left, just a queer over there.
But the whole damn thing didn't faze me a bit;
I just jumped on the pile and grabbed some tit.

My baby's not a sports fan,
But she plays with balls whenever she can.
'Cause her favorite sport you see,
Is playing tonsil hockey.
[chorus]
	Eat, bite, fuck, suck, gobble, nibble, chew;
	Nipple, bosom, hair pie, finger fuck, screw.
	Moose piss, cat pud, orangutan tit;
	Sheep pussy, camel crack, pig-lie-in-shit.
		-- Doctor Dirty, "The Eat-Bite Song"


I enjoy the time that we spend together.


Les salons de la ville de Trieste
Sont vaseux, suraigus, at funestes;
	Parmi les grandes chaises
	On cause des malaises,
Des estropiements, et des pestes.
		-- Edward Gorey


Knucklehead:	"Knock, knock"
Pee Wee:	"Who's there?"
Knucklehead:	"Little ol' lady."
Pee Wee:	"Liddle ol' lady who?"
Knucklehead:	"I didn't know you could yodel"


The randy old Bey of Algiers
Who'd confined his cock-poking to queers,
	Tried a cunt for a change,
	And remarked: "It felt strange ...
Just think what I've missed all these years!"


Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
		-- Donald Kaul


Big M, Little M, many mumbling mice
Are making midnight music in the moonlight,
Mighty nice!


Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.


Eternity, n.:
	The length of time between when you come and he leaves.


Hear about...
	the guru who refused Novocaine while having a tooth pulled because
	he wanted to transcend dental medication?


Arnold's Laws of Documentation:
	(1) If it should exist, it doesn't.
	(2) If it does exist, it's out of date.
	(3) Only documentation for useless programs transcends the
	    first two laws.


CHASTITY BELT:
	An anti-trust suit.

	(And an unchivalrous knight is the one that files it.)


In practice, failures in system development, like unemployment in Russia,
happens a lot despite official propaganda to the contrary.
		-- Paul Licker


Posterity will ne'er survey
A nobler grave than this;
Here lie the bones of Castlereagh;
Stop, traveler, and piss.
		-- Lord Byron, on Lord Castlereagh


Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth.
Say, do you have a map to the next joint?


Griffin's Thought:
	When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.


A virginal is a harpsichord that has never been plucked.


Why is the alphabet in that order?  Is it because of that song?
		-- Steven Wright


On a tous un peu peur de l'amour, mais on
a surtout peur de souffrir ou de faire souffrir.

[One is always a little afraid of love, but
above all, one is afraid of pain or causing pain.]


Q:	What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
A:	Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.


Another nun joke!!!
	You see, three nuns were walking down the street, when suddenly
this flasher jumped out in front of them and opened his trench coat,
exposing his all to the sisters.  Well, two of the nuns had strokes right
there, but the third nun wouldn't touch it.


They took some of the Van Goghs, most
of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!


Did I say 2?  I lied.


Fertility is hereditary.  If your parents
didn't have any children, neither will you.


One small step for man, one giant stumble for mankind.


Still a few bugs in the system... Someday I have to tell you about Uncle
Nahum from Maine, who spent years trying to cross a jellyfish with a shad
so he could breed boneless shad.  His experiment backfired too, and he
wound up with bony jellyfish... which was hardly worth the trouble.  There's
very little call for those up there.
		-- Allucquere R. "Sandy" Stone


Hackers do it bottom-up.


You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.


Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names
the streets after them.
		-- Bill Vaughn


The problem with most conspiracy theories is that they seem to believe that
for a group of people to behave in a way detrimental to the common good
requires intent.


In our system there's no intermediate step between a definitive Supreme
Court decision and violent revolution.
		-- Al Gore (New York Magazine, May 29 2006)


And what accomplished villains these old engineers were!  What diabolical
ways to sabotage they found!  Nikolai Karlovich von Meck, of the People's
Commissariat of Railroads ... would hold forth for hours on end about the
economic problems involved in the construction of socialism, and he loved to
give advice.  One such pernicious piece of advice was to increase the size
of freight trains and not worry about heavier than average loads.  The GPU
exposed van Meck, and he was shot: his objective had been to wear out rails
and roadbeds, freight cars and locomotives, so as to leave the Republic
without railroads in case of foreign military intervention!  When, not long
afterward, the new People's Commissar of Railroads ordered that average
loads should be increased, and even doubled and tripled them, the malicious
engineers who protested became known as limiters ... they were rightly
shot for their lack of faith in the possibilities of socialist transport.
		-- Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn, "The Gulag Archipelago"


Infancy, n.:
	The period of our lives when, according to Wordsworth, "Heaven lies
	about us."  The world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The three sexual positions during pregnancy.

During the first four months:	Missionary style
During the second four months:	Doggie style
And during the last month:	Coyote style

Coyote style?
	You sit by the hole and howl.


If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #18:

Q:  Are you married?
A:  No, I'm divorced.
Q:  And what did your husband do before you divorced him?
A:  A lot of things I didn't know about.


Living in Hollywood is like living in a bowl of granola.  What ain't
fruits and nuts is flakes.


Love is two minutes and fifty-two seconds of squishy sounds.
		-- Johnny Rotten


Test-tube babies shouldn't throw stones.


	It seems there were two young Marines walking down the street, and
they chanced upon a lady who was both very proper and very well endowed.
One of them said, "Wow! What tits!  Hey lady, would I love to snuggle up with
them for awhile.  What are you doing this afternoon?"
	Well, the other Marine thought that was just about the most shameful
thing he had ever witnessed, and felt that he had to restore the honor of the
Corps.  "Pardon my friend, Ma'am," he apologized, "He's not been very well
brought up and don't know how to talk to cunt."


	A crow perched himself on a telephone wire.  He was going to make a
long-distance caw.


Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
		-- Publilius Syrus


A liberal is a man too broad minded to take his own side in a quarrel.
		-- Robert Frost


A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer


Q:	How does a girl know she's sleeping with a Computer Scientist?
A:	It isn't hard.


	When the surgeon came to see her on the morning after her
operation, the young woman asked her somewhat hesitantly how long it
would be before she could resume her sex life.  "I really haven't
thought about it," gulped the stunned surgeon.  "You're the first
patient who's asked me that after a tonsillectomy!"


If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?


If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


After his legs had been broken in an accident, Mr. Miller sued for damages,
claiming that he was crippled and would have to spend the rest of his life
in a wheelchair.  Although the insurance-company doctor testified that his
bones had healed properly and that he was fully capable of walking, the
judge decided for the plaintiff and awarded him $500,000.
	When he was wheeled into the insurance office to collect his check,
Miller was confronted by several executives.  "You're not getting away with
this, Miller," one said.  "We're going to watch you day and night.  If you
take a single step, you'll not only repay the damages but stand trial for
perjury.  Here's the money.  What do you intend to do with it?"
	"My wife and I are going to travel," Miller replied.  "We'll go to
Stockholm, Berlin, Rome, Athens and, finally, to a place called Lourdes --
where, gentlemen, you'll see yourselves one hell of a miracle."


Will Rogers never met you.


You may not be able to judge a book by its cover, but
you sure as hell can tell how much it's going to cost.


When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.


PRAIRIES:
	Vast plains covered by treeless forests.


Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	He was giving it last rites.


Why does a hearse horse snicker, hauling a lawyer away?
		-- Carl Sandburg


3M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art
and display work.  This product is called "Craft Mount".  3M suggests
that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond "while the
adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky."  I did not know what "aggressively
tacky" meant until I read today's fortune.

		[And who said we didn't offer equal time, huh? Ed.]


And ever has it been known that
love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
		-- Kahlil Gibran


Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #37:

Q:  Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
A:  No.
Q:  What was he doing with the dog's ears?
A:  Picking them up in the air.
Q:  Where was the dog at this time?
A:  Attached to the ears.


Very few modern women either like or desire marriage, especially after the
ceremony has been performed.  Primarily women wish attention and affection.
Matrimony is something they accept when there is no alternative.  Really,
it is a waste of time, and hazardous, to marry them.  It leaves one open
to a rival.  Husbands, good or bad, always have rivals.  Lovers, never.
		-- Helen Lawrenson, "Esquire"


Printers do it without wrinkling the sheets.


America ... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesman
with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing
anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


He who writes with no misspelled words has prevented a first suspicion
on the limits of his scholarship or, in the social world, of his general
education and culture.
		-- Julia Norton McCorkle


Language is a virus from another planet.
		-- William Burroughs


To err is human, but I can REALLY foul things up.


A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call
what he writes fiction.
		-- William Faulkner


A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"


	"I believe you have the wrong number," said the old gentleman into
the phone.  "You'll have to call the weather bureau for that information."
	"Who was that?" his young wife asked.
	"Some guy wanting to know if the coast was clear."


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18)
	You have nothing better to think about than what to wear and what
type of champagne to take to the neighbors Halloween Party.  Just take beer!
Don't try to copy the "Joneses", pull them up to your level and remember, in
California Halloween is redundant anyhow.

PISCES (Feb. 19 - March 20)
	Focus on strengthening friendships this Fall.  You find others are
fascinated by your intelligence, your wit, your drinking ability, and your
bank account.  Just make sure you realize it's far more impressive when
other discover your good qualities without your help.


Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:	Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that
	swallowed the canary.
Norm:	And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2


Because woman's work is never done and is underpaid or unpaid or boring or
repetitious and we're the first to get the sack and what we look like is
more important than what we do and if we get raped it's our fault and if we
get bashed we must have provoked it and if we raise our voices we're nagging
bitches and if we enjoy sex nymphos and if we don't we're frigid and if we
love women it's because we can't get a "real" man and if we ask our doctor
too many questions we're neurotic and/or pushy and if we expect community
care for children we're selfish and if we stand up for our rights we're
aggressive and "unfeminine" and if we don't we're typical weak females and
if we want to get married we're out to trap a man and if we don't we're
unnatural and because we still can't get an adequate safe contraceptive but
men can walk on the moon and if we can't cope or don't want a pregnancy we're
made to feel guilty about abortion and... for lots and lots of other reasons
we are part of the women's liberation movement.


Moon, n.:
	1. A celestial object whose phase is very important to
hackers.  See PHASE OF THE MOON.  2. Dave Moon (MOON@MC).


You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
		-- Philip Whalen


The end of labor is to gain leisure.


To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.


Tehee quod she, and clapte the wyndow to.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer


One of the disadvantages of having children is that they eventually get old
enough to give you presents they make at school.
		-- Robert Byrne


It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.
What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing
thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
		-- Alan J. Perlis


People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.


When one knows women one pities men,
but when one studies men, one excuses women.
		-- Horne Tooke


What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how
she would look without them.
		-- Brendan Francis


As Will Rogers would have said,
"There is no such things as a free variable."


Timesharing, n.:
	An access method whereby one computer abuses many people.


Marriage always demands the greatest understanding of the art of
insincerity possible between two human beings.
		-- Vicki Baum


