The world is a comedy to those who think,
and a tragedy to those who feel.
		-- Horace Walpole


Miss, n.:
	A title with which we brand unmarried
	women to indicate that they are in the market.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #8: LAIDBACK

This language was developed at the Marin County Center for T'ai Chi,
Mellowness and Computer Programming (now defunct), as an alternative to
the more intense atmosphere in nearby Silicon Valley.

The center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs
while they worked.  Unfortunately few programmers could survive there
because the center outlawed Pizza and Coca-Cola in favor of Tofu and
Perrier.

Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a gentle
and non-threatening language since all error messages are in lower
case.  For example, LAIDBACK responded to syntax errors with the
message:
	"i hate to bother you, but i just can't relate to that.  can
	you find the time to try it again?"


An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
		-- Spanish proverb


Jenkinson's Law:
	It won't work.


If you catch a man, throw him back.
		-- Woman's Liberation Slogan, c. 1975


Genealogy, n.:
	An account of one's descent from an ancestor
	who did not particularly care to trace his own.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


He's been like a father to me,
He's the only DJ you can get after three,
I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band,
And why he don't like me I don't understand.
		-- The Byrds


Children seldom misquote you.  In fact, they usually
repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.


Yea from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
		-- Hamlet


In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves:
the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.


An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
		-- Donald E. Knuth


You are number 6!  Who is number one?


Shamus: A shamus is a guy who takes care of handyman tasks around the
temple, and makes sure everything is in working order.  A shamus is at
the bottom of the pecking order of synagogue functionaries, and there's
a joke about that:

A rabbi, to show his humility before God, cries out in the middle of a
service,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The cantor, not to be bested, also cries out,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The shamus, deeply moved, follows suit and cries,
	"Oh, Lord, I am nobody!"
The rabbi turns to the cantor and says,
	"Look who thinks he's nobody!"
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!


The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
		-- Merrick Furst


Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain


Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex.
		-- Ellyn Mustard


Did you hear about the new German microwave oven?
		... Seats 500.


The five-alarm fire had been raging out of control for hours, pouring thick,
black smoke over the street.  At last the blaze was under control and the
fire chief began accounting for his men.  Two were missing, so he ordered
a search.  Captain Kelly finally rounded a fire truck parked in an alley
and found, to his shock, one fireman with his trousers down leaning over a
garbage can and another fireman screwing him in the ass.
	"What's the meaning of this!", the captain roared.
	"Jones here had passed out from smoke inhalation," the fireman on
top panted.
	"You're supposed to give mouth to mouth resuscitation for that!"
the captain yelled.
	"I know.  That's what started this," the fireman replied.


According to the Rand McNally Places-Rated Almanac, the best place to live in
America is the city of Pittsburgh.  The city of New York came in twenty-fifth.
Here in New York we really don't care too much. Because we know that we could
beat up their city anytime.
		-- David Letterman


Forgive and forget.
		-- Cervantes


On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only
nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter
what it does.
		-- Will Rogers


Lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you,
Lipstick on your dipstick said you were untrue.
Bet your bottom dollar you and I are through,
'Cause lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you.
		-- To the tune of "Lipstick On Your Collar"


Sex discriminates against the shy and ugly.


It has been said that Public Relations is the art of winning friends
and getting people under the influence.
		-- Jeremy Tunstall


So... so you think you can tell
Heaven from Hell?
Blue skies from pain?			Did they get you to trade
Can you tell a green field		Your heroes for ghosts?
From a cold steel rail?			Hot ashes for trees?
A smile from a veil?			Hot air for a cool breeze?
Do you think you can tell?		Cold comfort for change?
					Did you exchange
					A walk on part in a war
					For the lead role in a cage?
		-- Pink Floyd, "Wish You Were Here"


A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil.
Replied Voltaire, "This is no time to make new enemies."


Playing poker with busty Ms. Ware,
He announced as he folded with flair,
	"I had four of a kind,
	But those aces combined,
Don't stack up, I'm afraid, with your pair."


	Them Toad Suckers

How 'bout them toad suckers, ain't they clods?
Sittin' there suckin' them green toady frogs!

Suckin' them hop toads, suckin' them chunkers,
Suckin' them a leapy type, suckin' them flunkers.

Look at them toad suckers, ain't they snappy?
Suckin' them bog frogs sure make's 'em happy!

Them hugger mugger toad suckers, way down south,
Stickin' them sucky toads in they mouth!

How to be a toad sucker, no way to duck it,
Get yourself a toad, rear back, and suck it!
		-- Mason Williams


Time and tide wait for no man.


Absentee, n.:
	A person with an income who has had the forethought
	to remove himself from the sphere of exaction.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Women aren't as mere as they used to be.
		-- Pogo


The Great Movie Posters:

An AVALANCHE of KILLER WORMS!
		-- Squirm (1976)

Most Movies Live Less Than Two Hours.
This Is One of Everlasting Torment!
		-- The New House on the Left (1977)

WE ARE GOING TO EAT YOU!
		-- Zombie (1980)

It's not human and it's got an axe.
		-- The Prey (1981)


You never learned anything by doing it right.


Crenna's Law of Political Accountability:
	If you are the first to know about something bad,
	you are going to be held responsible for acting on it,
	regardless of your formal duties.


The tree of research must from time to time
be refreshed with the blood of bean counters.
		-- Alan Kay


A beachcomber of 25 had been shipwrecked on a desert island since the age of
six.  One day, while in search of food, he stumbled across a beautifully
sensuous female lying on the beach nearly naked; she'd been washed ashore from
another shipwreck that morning.  After they got over their initial surprise
at seeing each other, the girl wanted to know how long he had been alone on
this barren bit of land.
	"Almost twenty years," he answered.
	"Twenty years!" she exclaimed.  "But how ever did you survive?"
	"Oh, I fish, dig for clams, and gather berries and coconuts," he
replied.
	"And what do you do for sex?" she asked.
	"What's that?"  He looked puzzled.
	Whereupon the maiden pulled the innocent young man down onto the sand
beside her and proceeded to demonstrate.  After they had finished, she asked
how he had enjoyed it.
	"Great!" was the reply.  "But look what it did to my clamdigger!"


We have an equal opportunity Calculus class -- it's fully integrated.


Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
		-- Beckett


Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world.
Everyone thinks he has enough.
		-- Rene Descartes, 1637


It's a very *_U_N*lucky week in which to be took dead.
		-- Churchy La Femme


Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
		-- Kin Hubbard


The girls that go to see a man's etchings
may not know art, but they know what they like.


The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero


Back when I was a boy, it was 40 miles to everywhere,
uphill both ways and it was always snowing.


Comparing software engineering to classical engineering assumes that software
has the ability to wear out.  Software typically behaves, or it does not.  It
either works, or it does not.  Software generally does not degrade, abrade,
stretch, twist, or ablate.  To treat it as a physical entity, therefore, is
misapplication of our engineering skills.  Classical engineering deals with
the characteristics of hardware; software engineering should deal with the
characteristics of *software*, and not with hardware or management.
		-- Dan Klein


Here's to the girl that's sweet,
Here's to the girl that's true,
Here's to the girl in all our hearts...

In other words, guys, what do you say we all go downtown for
the rest of the night?


In Pierre Trudeau, Canada has finally produced
a Prime Minister worthy of assassination.
		-- John Diefenbaker


One of my less pleasant chores when I was young was to read the Bible from
one end to the other.  Reading the Bible straight through is at least 70
percent discipline, like learning Latin.  But the good parts are, of course,
simply amazing.  God is an extremely uneven writer, but when He's good,
nobody can touch him.
		-- John Gardner, NYT Book Review, Jan. 1983


	"Hey, Sam, how about a loan?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"Oh, about $500."
	"Whattaya got for collateral?"
	"Whattaya need?"
	"How about an eye?"
		-- Sam Giancana


Gnagloot, n.:
	A person who leaves all his ski passes on his jacket just to
	impress people.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Support your right to arm bears!!


THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #5 -- LAIDBACK

	LAIDBACK was developed at the (now defunct) Marin County Center for
T'ai Chi, Mellowness and Computer Programming, as an alternative to the more
intense languages of nearby Silicon Valley.
	The Center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs
while they worked.  Unfortunately, few programmers could survive there long,
since the Center outlawed pizza and RC Cola in favor of bean curd and Perrier.
	Many mourn the demise of LAIDBACK because of its reputation as a
gentle and nonthreatening language.  For example, LAIDBACK responded to
syntax errors with the message SORRY MAN, I JUST CAN'T DEAL BEHIND THAT.


No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.


If everything seems to be going well,
you have obviously overlooked something.


Biology grows on you.


If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.


One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.


	A business executive is consumed by jealousy: he suspects his wife
of cheating on him.  The suspicion grows and grows, and one morning as he
drives to work he can't take it any more.  He thinks to himself, "she
probably just waited until I left so she could meet with her lover."
	When he gets to his office, he calls home.  The maid answers.  He
says, "Hello.  Is my wife there?"
	"Yes, sir", the maid whispers.
	"Is she with her lover?"
	The maid pauses, and then says, "Yes, sir, she is, and I must say
that I feel terrible about how she treats you."
	The man yells, "That no good **#*&!!.  If you feel as badly as you
say you do, you must do this for me: go to my dresser and get my gun.  Check
to make sure that it's loaded.  Then go upstairs and shoot both that cheating
two-timing whore and her lover.  Dispose of the gun, and then come back to
the phone and tell me that it's over.  Don't worry -- I'll protect you."
The man hears footsteps, a drawer being opened, a click, more footsteps,
silence... and then two shots.  More footsteps.  Finally the maid comes back
to the phone and says "It's done."
	The man asks, "What did you do with the gun?"
	"I threw it behind the statue in the garden", the maid replies.
	"Statue in the garden?  Say, what number is this, anyway?"


What you don't know won't help you much either.
		-- D. Bennett


As Rev. Spooner would say, you are a shining wit.


Taken from actual police car videos:

(7) Fair?  You want me to be fair?  Listen, fair is a place where you
    go to ride on rides, eat cotton candy, and step in monkey poop.
(6) Yeah, we have a quota.  Two more tickets and my wife gets a toaster
    oven.
(5) No, sir, we don't have quotas anymore.  We used to have quotas but
    now we're allowed to write as many tickets as we want.
(4) Just how big were those two beers?
(3) In God we trust, all others we run through CPIC/NCIC.
(2) I'm glad to hear the Chief of Police is a good personal friend of
    yours.  At least you know someone who can post your bail.
(1) You didn't think we gave pretty women tickets?
    You're right, we don't -- sign here.


Providence New Jersey is one of the few cities
where Velveeta cheese appears on the gourmet shelf.


Ethnologists up with the Sioux
Wired home for two punts, one canoe.
	The answer next day,
	Said, "Girls on the way,
But what the hell's a `panoe'?"


In childhood a woman must be subject to her father; in youth to her
husband; when her husband is dead, to her sons.  A woman must never
be free of subjugation.
		-- The Hindu Code of Manu


Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the double lock will keep;
May no brick through the window break,
And, no one rob me till I awake.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(25) Love is the only human emotion which cannot be controlled. You
     either do or you don't. You can't fake it. (Except women, and
     thank God they can.)

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Q:	What does friendship among Soviet nationalities mean?
A:	It means that the Armenians take the Russians by the hand; the
	Russians take the Ukrainians by the hand; the Ukrainians take
	the Uzbeks by the hand; and they all go and beat up the Jews.


Bad men live that they may eat and drink,
whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.
		-- Socrates


