QOTD:
	"What do you mean, you had the dog fixed?  Just what made you
	think he was broken!"


The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
		-- Merrick Furst


Against Idleness and Mischief

How doth the little busy bee		How skillfully she builds her cell!
Improve each shining hour,		How neat she spreads the wax!
And gather honey all the day		And labours hard to store it well
From every opening flower!		With the sweet food she makes.

In works of labour or of skill		In books, or work, or healthful play,
I would be busy too;			Let my first years be passed,
For Satan finds some mischief still	That I may give for every day
For idle hands to do.			Some good account at last.
		-- Isaac Watts (1674-1748)


I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
		-- Walt Disney


Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
		-- Chinese proverb


Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.


"It's easier said than done."

... and if you don't believe it, try proving that it's easier done than
said, and you'll see that "it's easier said that `it's easier done than
said' than it is done", which really proves that "it's easier said than
done".


A possum must be himself, and being himself he is honest.
		-- Walt Kelly


Every program has at least one bug and can be shortened by at least one
instruction -- from which, by induction, one can deduce that every program
can be reduced to one instruction which doesn't work.


The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
		-- Merrick Furst


All diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means.
		-- Chou En Lai


Hear about...
	the fellow who chased his girlfriend up a tree and kissed
	her between the limbs?


Hildebrant's Principle:
	If you don't know where you are going,
	any road will get you there.


The more I learn about women, the more I love my dog.


No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"


Women who want to be equal to men lack imagination.


He's dead, Jim.


When God created two sexes, he may have been overdoing it.
		-- Charles Merrill Smith


May Allah blow sand in your Preparation H.


