Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.


QOTD:
	"Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there,
	I go to work."


Ain't that something what happened today.  One of us got traded to
Kansas City.
		-- Casey Stengel, informing outfielder Bob Cerv he'd
		   been traded


You look tired.


Slow day.
Practice crawling.


Texas law forbids anyone to have a pair of pliers in his possession.


Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.


Often things ARE as bad as they seem!


Nasrudin called at a large house to collect for charity.  The servant said
"My master is out."  Nasrudin replied, "Tell your master that next time he
goes out, he should not leave his face at the window.  Someone might steal
it."


Who loves me will also love my dog.
		-- John Donne


Q:	How many bureaucrats does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to assure everyone that everything possible is being
	done while the other screws the bulb into the water faucet.


Hear about...
	the absent-minded exhibitionist who was arrested for exposing
	his whatchamacalit?


Q:	What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and
	plays like a monkey?
A:	Nothing.


	A lawyer named Strange was shopping for a tombstone.  After he had
made his selection, the stonecutter asked him what inscription he
would like on it.  "Here lies an honest man and a lawyer," responded the
lawyer.
	"Sorry, but I can't do that," replied the stonecutter.  "In this
state, it's against the law to bury two people in the same grave.  However,
I could put `here lies an honest lawyer', if that would be okay."
	"But that won't let people know who it is" protested the lawyer.
	"Certainly will," retorted the stonecutter.  "people will read it
and exclaim, "That's Strange!"


You can get more of what you want with a kind word and a gun than you
can with just a kind word.
		-- Bumper Sticker


You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.  You pull
his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.  Do you
understand this?  And radio operates exactly the same way:  you send
signals here, they receive them there.  The only difference is that
there is no cat.
		-- Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio


Matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence.


Lucas is the source of many of the components of the legendarily reliable
British automotive electrical systems.  Professionals call the company "The
Prince of Darkness".  Of course, if Lucas were to design and manufacture
nuclear weapons, World War III would never get off the ground.  The British
don't like warm beer any more than the Americans do.  The British drink warm
beer because they have Lucas refrigerators.


Il y avait une madame de Lahore
Dont la figure n'etait la meilleure,
	Mais la vagine tres forte,
	Toujours ouverte la porte,
Encore, et encore, et encore.


You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.


I used to live in a house by the freeway.  When I went anywhere, I had
to be going 65 MPH by the end of my driveway.

I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights.  Now it looks
like I'm the only one moving.

I was pulled over for speeding today.  The officer said, "Don't you know
the speed limit is 55 miles an hour?"  And I said, "Yes, but I wasn't going
to be out that long."

I put a new engine in my car, but didn't take the old one out.  Now
my car goes 500 miles an hour.
		-- Steven Wright


You're working under a slight handicap.
You happen to be human.


	"I will profane your fucking remains, E. B."
	"Not my remains, Al!"
	"Gabriel's trumpet will produce you from the ass of a pig."
		-- Al Swearingen, E. B. Farnum, _Deadwood_


Someone will try to honk your nose today.


Suddenly, Professor Liebowitz realizes he has come to the seminar
without his duck ...


Fun Facts, #14:
	In table tennis, whoever gets 21 points first wins.  That's how
	it once was in baseball -- whoever got 21 runs first won.


Did you know that the voice tapes easily identify the Russian pilot
that shot down the Korean jet?  At one point he definitely states:

	"Natasha!  First we shoot jet, then we go after moose and
	squirrel."

		-- ihuxw!tommyo


Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?


DIVE!!!  DIVE!!!  DIVE!!!
UP PERISCOPE!!!

(Ooops, sorry, wrong fantasy.)


To be or not to be.
		-- Shakespeare
To do is to be.
		-- Nietzsche
To be is to do.
		-- Sartre
Do be do be do.
		-- Sinatra


Famous last words:


One nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.


He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.


If you stew apples like cranberries,
they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does.
		-- Groucho Marx


Cohn's Law:
	The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less
	time you have to do anything.  Stability is achieved when you spend
	all your time reporting on the nothing you are doing.


The Encyclopaedia Galactica defines a robot as a mechanical apparatus designed
to do the work of a man.  The marketing division of Sirius Cybernetics
Corporation defines a robot as "Your Plastic Pal Who's Fun To Be With".
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy defines the marketing division of the
Sirius Cybernetics Corporation as "a bunch of mindless jerks who'll be the
first against the wall when the revolution comes", with a footnote to effect
that the editors would welcome applications from anyone interested in taking
over the post of robotics correspondent.
	Curiously enough, an edition of the Encyclopaedia Galactica that
had the good fortune to fall through a time warp from a thousand years in
the future defined the marketing division of the Sirius Cybernetics
Corporation as "a bunch of mindless jerks who were the first against the
wall when the revolution came".


Do people know you have freckles everywhere?


Here's a toast to Screwy Dick,
The man who was born with a corkscrew prick.
He spent his life in a futile hunt,
To find a woman with a spiral cunt.
And when he did, he dropped stone dead,
'Cause the blasted thing had a left-hand thread!


She is not refined.  She is not unrefined.  She keeps a parrot.
		-- Mark Twain


Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.


It is right that he too should have his little chronicle, his memories,
his reason, and be able to recognize the good in the bad, the bad in the
worst, and so grow gently old all down the unchanging days and die one
day like any other day, only shorter.
		-- Samuel Beckett, "Malone Dies"


We have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out.


Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


In specifications, Murphy's Law supersedes Ohm's.


Creating computer software is always a demanding and painstaking
process -- an exercise in logic, clear expression, and almost fanatical
attention to detail.  It requires intelligence, dedication, and an
enormous amount of hard work.  But, a certain amount of unpredictable
and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference
between adequacy and excellence.


This time it's for love; next time it's $100.00.


Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some sheep's
testicles for a bet...  God, that bloody sheep kicked him!
		-- Ripping Yarns


Boss, n.:
	According to the Oxford English Dictionary, in the Middle Ages the
	words "boss" and "botch" were largely synonymous, except that boss,
	in addition to meaning "a supervisor of workers" also meant "an
	ornamental stud."


Dinner suggestion #302 (Hacker's De-lite):
	1 tin imported Brisling sardines in tomato sauce
	1 pouch Chocolate Malt Carnation Instant Breakfast
	1 carton milk


Hear about...
	the mother of 12 who was called upon to use her diaphragm so often
	that she kept it tacked to the headboard of her bed?


I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's
accomplishments.  The front page has nothing but man's failures.
		-- Chief Justice Earl Warren


A gambler was telling a friend about his first junket to Las Vegas and how
hard it was to get any sleep.
	"I was awakened at one, two and four in the morning by a
drunken chorus girl banging on the door and screaming," he recalled.
	"That's terrible," the friend said." How'd you ever get any sleep?"
	"At five o'clock I unlocked the door and let her out."


You lived with a man who wore white belts?
Laura, I'm disappointed in you.
		-- Remington Steele


A robin redbreast in a cage
Puts all Heaven in a rage.
		-- Blake


The sex was nice, but confusing.  The whole situation kept going di-polar
on Sta-Hi.  One instant Misty would seem like a lovely warm girl who'd
survived a terrible injury, like a lost puppy to be stroked, a lonely
woman to be husbanded.  But then he'd start thinking of the wires behind
her eyes, and he'd be screwing a machine, an inanimate object, a public
toilet.  Just like with any other woman for him, really.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


Auribus teneo lupum.
[I hold a wolf by the ears.]


Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.


You can get much further with a kind word and a
gun than you can with a kind word alone.
		-- Al Capone
		   [Also attributed to Johnny Carson.  Ed.]


Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd
rather lie around.  No contest.
		-- Eric Clapton


Any dramatic series the producers want us to take seriously as a
representation of contemporary reality cannot be taken seriously as a
representation of anything -- except a show to be ignored by anyone
capable of sitting upright in a chair and chewing gum simultaneously.
		-- Richard Schickel


I bet you have fun chasing the soap around the bathtub.
		-- Princess Diana, to a one-armed war veteran during
		   a visit to a London veterans hospital


We must remember the First Amendment which
protects any shrill jackass no matter how self-seeking.
		-- F. G. Withington


My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty
nights -- or very early mornings -- when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and,
instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at
a hundred miles an hour ... booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at
the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which
turnoff to take when I got to the other end ... but being absolutely certain
that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were
just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson


Mittsquinter, adj.:
	A ballplayer who looks into his glove after missing the ball,
	as if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


A rabbi and a priest are sitting together on a train, and the rabbi leans
over and asks, "So, how high can you advance in your organization?"
	The priest replies, "Well, if I am lucky, I guess I could become a
Bishop."
	"Well, could you get any higher than that?"
	"I suppose that if my works are seen in a very good light that I
might be made an Archbishop."
	"Is there any way that you might go higher than that?"
	"If all the Saints should smile, I guess I could be made a Cardinal."
	"Could you be anything higher than a Cardinal?"
	Hesitating a little bit, the priest said, "I suppose that I could
be elected Pope, but only if it's God's will."
	"And could you be anything higher than that, is there any way to go
up from being the Pope?"
	"What?!  I should be the Messiah himself?!"
	The rabbi leaned back and smiled.  "One of our boys made it."


The War on Drugs is just a small part of the War on the United States
Constitution.


"Our attitude with TCP/IP is, `Hey, we'll do it, but don't make a big
system, because we can't fix it if it breaks -- nobody can.'"

"TCP/IP is OK if you've got a little informal club, and it doesn't make
any difference if it takes a while to fix it."
		-- Ken Olsen, in Digital News, 1988


Scene:
	A small boy stands agasp on the stairway overlooking the living
room.  A rather largish man in a big red suit with white fur and red and
white belled cap hunches over the fireplace, obviously interrupted in
filling stockings with packages taken from a huge bag slung over his
shoulder.  His eyebrows are raised, matter-of-factly, as he spies the boy
intently watching him.

Caption:
	I'm sorry you've seen me, Billy.  Now I'll have to kill you.


	Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermont noted
in January, 1966, "I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.  I think we need more
owls."
		-- Bill Adler, "The Washington Wits"


Don't I know you?


Cinderella 10:
	A woman who sucks and fucks 'til midnight and
	then turns into a pizza and a six-pack.


Q:	Why did the WASP cross the road?
A:	To get to the middle.


Today is the first day of the rest of your life.


The advantage of being celibate is that when one sees a pretty girl one
does not need to grieve over having an ugly one back home.
		-- Paul Leautaud, "Propos dun jour"


	A novel approach is to remove all power from the system, which
removes most system overhead so that resources can be fully devoted to
doing nothing.  Benchmarks on this technique are promising; tremendous
amounts of nothing can be produced in this manner.  Certain hardware
limitations can limit the speed of this method, especially in the
larger systems which require a more involved & less efficient
power-down sequence.
	An alternate approach is to pull the main breaker for the
building, which seems to provide even more nothing, but in truth has
bugs in it, since it usually inhibits the systems which keep the beer
cool.


	To A Quick Young Fox:
Why jog exquisite bulk, fond crazy vamp,
Daft buxom jonquil, zephyr's gawky vice?
Guy fed by work, quiz Jove's xanthic lamp --
Zow! Qualms by deja vu gyp fox-kin thrice.
		-- Lazy Dog


John Birch Society:
	That pathetic manifestation of organized apoplexy.
		-- Edward P. Morgan


The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.


When I was a kid I said to my father one afternoon, "Daddy, will you
take me to the zoo?" He answered, "If the zoo wants you let them come
and get you."
		-- Jerry Lewis


When I was a kid I said to my father one afternoon, "Daddy, will you
take me to the zoo?" He answered, "If the zoo wants you let them come
and get you."
		-- Jerry Lewis


Goodbye, cool world.


He used to kiss her on her lips, but it's all over now.


Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the
reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest
amount of hot air.
		-- Thomas L. Martin


A woman who is guided by the head and not by the heart is a social
pestilence: she has all the defects of the passionate and affectionate
woman, with none of her compensations; she is without pity, without
love, without virtue, without sex.
		-- Honore de Balzac


Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.


YOUR FOAMY FUTURE
	by Miss Fortune

CANCER (Jun 22 - July 22)
	You've been awarded a clean bill of health this month and you feel
you owe it all to the excessive amount of Vitamin B, Iron, and Malt you get
in your beer.  Being healthy is admirable but don't you think you're going
to feel stupid one day lying in a hospital dying of nothing?

LEO (July 23 - August 22)
	You will soon acquire a large sum of money and will be in seventh
heaven as you head to the nearest Liquor Barn and buy all the beer they have
in stock.  Whoever said money couldn't buy happiness didn't know where to
shop.

VIRGO (August 23 - September 22)
	Your late night, beer drinking, "life in the fast lane" parties are
affecting your job production the next morning.  You feel a nine to five job
is not for a "party animal" such as yourself and may feel the need for a
career change.  Just remember, people who work sitting down get paid more
than people who work standing up.


The distinction between Jewish and goyish can be quite subtle, as the
following quote from Lenny Bruce illustrates:

	"I'm Jewish.  Count Basie's Jewish.  Ray Charles is Jewish.
Eddie Cantor's goyish.  The B'nai Brith is goyish.  The Hadassah is
Jewish.  Marine Corps -- heavy goyish, dangerous.
	"Kool-Aid is goyish.  All Drake's Cakes are goyish.
Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish.
Instant potatoes -- goyish.  Black cherry soda's very Jewish.
Macaroons are _v_e_r_y Jewish.  Fruit salad is Jewish.  Lime Jell-O is
goyish.  Lime soda is _v_e_r_y goyish.  Trailer parks are so goyish that
Jews won't go near them."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


I've already told you more than I know.


How is the world ruled, and how do wars start?  Diplomats tell lies to
journalists, and they believe what they read.
		-- Karl Kraus, "Aphorisms and More Aphorisms"


Bernard Shaw is an excellent man; he has not an enemy in the world, and
none of his friends like him either.
		-- Oscar Wilde


It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card
may have saved a U.S. Army unit from heavy casualties during the Grenada
military rescue/invasion. Major General David Nichols, Air Force ... said
the Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces.  One soldier found
a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft. Bragg, N.C., telling Army
officers there of the perilous situation. The officers in turn called the
Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
		-- Aviation Week and Space Technology


Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"


Your step will soil many countries.


Moebius always does it on the same side.


To stand and be still,
At the Birkenhead drill,
Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
		-- Rudyard Kipling


You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.


