Sure there are dishonest men in local government.  But there are dishonest
men in national government too.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


There are two kinds of pedestrians... the quick and the dead.
		-- Lord Thomas Robert Dewar


Bringing your mate to a convention is like taking a game warden hunting.


Men never make passes at girls wearing glasses.
		-- Dorothy Parker


There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know
what you're talking about.
		-- John von Neumann


This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with
great force.
		-- Dorothy Parker


I asked the engineer who designed the communication terminal's keyboards
why these were not manufactured in a central facility, in view of the
small number needed [1 per month] in his factory.  He explained that this
would be contrary to the political concept of local self-sufficiency.
Therefore, each factory needing keyboards, no matter how few, manufactures
them completely, even molding the keypads.
		-- Isaac Auerbach, IEEE "Computer", Nov. 1979


Which of the following doesn't belong?
	a. meat
	b. eggs
	c. drum
	d. blowjob.

Answer:
	d:  A blowjob, because you can beat your meat, your eggs,
	    or your drum, but you just can't beat a blowjob.


Why is it that there are so many more horses' asses than there are
horses?
		-- G. Gordon Liddy


Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.


To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what
he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.


This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future,
which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Buy old masters.  They fetch better prices than old mistresses.
		-- Lord Beaverbrook


The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
		-- The Unix Programmer's Manual, 2nd Edition, June 1972


Sentient plasmoids are a gas.


Others will look to you for stability,
so hide when you bite your nails.


The key to building a superstar is to keep their mouth shut.  To reveal
an artist to the people can be to destroy him.  It isn't to anyone's
advantage to see the truth.
		-- Bob Ezrin, rock music producer


Death has been proven to be 99% fatal in laboratory rats.


Those lovable Brits department:
	They also have trouble pronouncing `vitamin'.


I think pop music has done more for oral intercourse than anything else
that has ever happened, and vice versa.
		-- Frank Zappa


Perhaps the most widespread illusion is that if we were in power we would
behave very differently from those who now hold it -- when, in truth, in
order to get power we would have to become very much like them.  (Lenin's
fatal mistake, both in theory and in practice.)


It runs like _x, where _x is something unsavory.
		-- Prof. Romas Aleliunas, CS 435


Conjecture: All odd numbers are prime.

	Mathematician's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  By induction, all
		odd numbers are prime.
	Physicist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is experimental
		error.  11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Engineer's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is prime.
		11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Computer Scientist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime...


Some people only open up to tell you that they're closed.


Never eat more than you can lift.
		-- Miss Piggy


If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing
of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur
of this life.
		-- Albert Camus


Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available
briefcases.
		-- Governor Jerry Brown


Vote early and vote often.
		-- Al Capone's slogan for Big Bill Thompson's anti-reform
		   campaign for Mayor of Chicago, 1926.  Big Bill won.


Life is a grand adventure -- or it is nothing.
		-- Helen Keller


I have made this letter longer than usual
because I lack the time to make it shorter.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Your fault - core dumped


One day, in a bar, a young man walks in with a little dwarf about one foot
tall on his shoulder and orders a beer.  The bartender serves the man a beer;
to his astonishment, the little guy walks down the man's arm, takes a swallow
of the brew and spits it in his face.  After a few minutes the customer
orders another beer and the exact same thing happens.  Well, by this time,
the bartender is getting pretty upset; he figures that the man should take
care of the dwarf.  So he asks the guy, "Why are you letting that guy drink
all your beer and spit it in my face?"
	"Well, sir, when I was on a contract in Saudi Arabia I met this genie
and he granted me three wishes.  I asked for a million dollars, the most
beautiful woman in the world, and a twelve-inch prick.


The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite
of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr


Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
		-- Francis Bacon


Who loves me will also love my dog.
		-- John Donne


The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.  Nowhere in
the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines,
and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
		-- John Adams


Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
		-- General Omar N. Bradley


The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older
people, and greatly assists in the circulation of the blood.
		-- Logan Pearsall Smith


QOTD:
	"It's hard to tell whether he has an ace up his sleeve or if
	the ace is missing from his deck altogether."


	Everything is farther away than it used to be.  It is even twice as
far to the corner and they have added a hill.  I have given up running for
the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to.
	It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old
days.  And have you noticed the smaller print they use in the newspapers?
	There is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everybody
speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them.
	The material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips
and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces.  And the
sizes don't run the way they used to.  The 12's and 14's are so much smaller.
	Even people are changing.  They are so much younger than they used to
be when I was their age.  On the other hand people my age are so much older
than I am.
	I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much
that she didn't recognize me.
	I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair
this morning and in so doing I glanced at my own reflection.  Really now,
they don't even make good mirrors like they used to.
		Sandy Frazier, "I Have Noticed"


I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


Most folks they like the daytime,
	'cause they like to see the shining sun.
They're up in the morning,
	off and a-running till they're too tired for having fun.
But when the sun goes down,
	and the bright lights shine, my daytime has just begun.

Now there are two sides to this great big world,
	and one of them is always night.
If you can take care of business in the sunshine, baby,
	I guess you're gonna be all right.
Don't come looking for me to lend you a hand.
	My eyes just can't stand the light.

'Cause I'm a night owl honey, sleep all day long.
		-- Carly Simon


The universe is laughing behind your back.


A New Way of Taking Pills
	A physician one night in Wisconsin being disturbed by a burglar, and
having no ball or shot for his pistol, noiselessly loaded the weapon with
small, hard pills, and gave the intruder a "prescription" which he thinks
will go far towards curing the rascal of a very bad ailment.
		-- Nevada Morning Transcript, January 30, 1861


Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way

Tired of lying in the sunshine		And then one day you find
Staying home to watch the rain		Ten years have got behind you
You are young and life is long		No one told you when to run
And there is time to kill today		You missed the starting gun

And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking
And racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death

Every year is getting shorter		Hanging on in quiet desperation
						is the English way
Never seem to find the time		The time is gone, the song is over
Plans that either come to nought	Thought I'd something more to say...
Or half a page of scribbled lines
		-- Pink Floyd, "Time"


I like paying taxes.  With them I buy civilization.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


Guru, n.:
	A computer owner who can read the manual.


	"Verily and forsooth," replied Goodgulf darkly.  "In the past year
strange and fearful wonders I have seen.  Fields sown with barley reap
crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts.
There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon.  Calendars are made with
a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance
salesmen.  The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in
square knots.  The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down
soggy potato chips."
	"But what do all these things mean?" gasped Frito.
	"Beats me," said Goodgulf with a shrug,
"but I thought it made good copy."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"


	*** STUDENT SUCCESSES ***

Many of our students have gone on to achieve great success in all fields of
programming.  One former student developed the concept of the personalized
form letter.  Does the phrase, "Dear Mr.(insert name), You may already be a
winner!," sound familiar?  Another student writes "After only five lessons I
sold a "My Most Unforgettable Program" article to Corrosive Computing magazine.
Another of our graduates writes, "I recently completed a database-management
program for my department manager.  My program touched him so deeply that he
was speechless.  He told me later that he had never seen such a program in
his entire career.  Thank you, Famous Programmers' school; only you could
have made this possible."  Send for our introductory brochure which explains
in vague detail the operation of the Famous Programmers' School, and you'll
be eligible to win a possible chance to enter a drawing, the winner of which
can vie for a set of free steak knives.  If you don't do it now, you'll hate
yourself in the morning.


If I had any humility I would be perfect.
		-- Ted Turner


Lost: gray and white female cat.
Answers to electric can opener.


You love peace.


Mental power tended to corrupt, and absolute intelligence tended to
corrupt absolutely, until the victim eschewed violence entirely in
favor of smart solutions to stupid problems.
		-- Piers Anthony


I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.


Sorry 'bout that sweat, honey.  That's just holy water.
		-- Little Richard


PROMOTION:
	New title, new salary, new office, same old crap.


I get up each morning, gather my wits.
Pick up the paper, read the obits.
If I'm not there I know I'm not dead.
So I eat a good breakfast and go back to bed.

Oh, how do I know my youth is all spent?
My get-up-and-go has got-up-and-went.
But in spite of it all, I'm able to grin,
And think of the places my get-up has been.
		-- Pete Seeger


A man is known by the company he organizes.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


Isn't it strange that the same people that
laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously?


Mixed emotions:
	Watching a bus-load of lawyers plunge off a cliff.
	With five empty seats.


Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
		-- Frank Zappa


HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Remember, oral sex CAN cause pregnancy, unless you use an
oral contraceptive.  See your family planning clinic today!


Soap and education are not as sudden as a
massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain


I just asked myself... what would John DeLorean do?
		-- Raoul Duke


Winning isn't everything.  It's the only thing.
		-- Vince Lombardi


It's getting uncommonly easy to kill people in large numbers, and the
first thing a principle does -- if it really is a principle -- is to
kill somebody.
		-- Dorothy Sayers


Hear about...
	the perverted Australian who left his wife and returned to Sydney?


A cousin of mine once said about money,
money is always there but the pockets change;
it is not in the same pockets after a change,
and that is all there is to say about money.
		-- Gertrude Stein


Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?


He was the world's only armless sculptor.  He put the chisel in his mouth
and his wife hit him on the back of the head with a mallet.
		-- Fred Allen


	We were somewhere around Barstow on the edge of the desert when the
drugs began to take hold.  I remember saying something like "I feel a bit
lightheaded; maybe you should drive ..."  And suddenly there was a terrible
roar all around us and the sky was full of what looked like huge bats, all
swooping and screeching and diving around the car, which was going about a
hundred miles an hour with the top down to Las Vegas.  And a voice was
screaming: "Holy Jesus!  What are these goddamn animals?"
	Then it was quiet again.  My attorney had taken his shirt off and
was pouring beer on his chest, to facilitate the tanning process.  "What the
hell are you yelling about?" he muttered, staring up at the sun with his
eyes closed and covered with wraparound Spanish sunglasses.  "Never mind,"
I said.  "It's your turn to drive."  I hit the brakes and aimed the Great
Red Shark toward the shoulder of the highway.  No point in mentioning the
bats, I thought.  The poor bastard will see them soon enough.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas:
		   A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream"


In Lexington, Kentucky, it's illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your
pocket.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#1
	A guinea pig is not from Guinea but a rodent from South America.
	A firefly is not a fly, but a beetle.
	A giant panda bear is really a member of the raccoon family.
	A black panther is really a leopard that has a solid black coat
	    rather than a spotted one.
	Peanuts are not really nuts.  The majority of nuts grow on trees
		while peanuts grow underground.  They are classified as a
		legume-part of the pea family.
	A cucumber is not a vegetable but a fruit.


Computer programmers do it byte by byte.


Ask your boss to reconsider --
It's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.


CHRIST:
	A man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time.


In a whiskey it's age, in a cigarette it's
taste and in a sports car it's impossible.


First Rule of History:
	History doesn't repeat itself --
	historians merely repeat each other.


I replaced the headlights on my car with strobe lights.  Now it
looks like I'm the only one moving.
		-- Steven Wright


Have you seen the well-to-do, up and down Park Avenue?
On that famous thoroughfare, with their noses in the air,
High hats and Arrow collars, white spats and lots of dollars,
Spending every dime, for a wonderful time...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
...
Dressed up like a million dollar trooper,
Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper, (super dooper)
Come, let's mix where Rockefeller's walk with sticks,
Or umbrellas, in their mitts,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
...
If you're blue and you don't know where to go to,
Why don't you go where fashion sits,
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.
Puttin' on the Ritz.


Ashes to ashes, dust to dust,
If God won't have you, the devil must.


Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
		-- Henry Spencer


Ten years of rejection slips is nature's
way of telling you to stop writing.
		-- R. Geis


You come out of a woman and you spend the rest of your life trying to
get back inside.
		-- Heathcote Williams


So, how's your love life?
Still holding your own?


Liar: one who tells an unpleasant truth.
		-- Oliver Herford


Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
		-- a Mary Chung's fortune cookie


C++ is the best example of second-system effect since OS/360.


Two heads are more numerous than one.


Teddy Kennedy:	A Blond in Every Pond!


Q:	What is the difference between snow-men and snow-women?
A:	Snowballs!


A clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity.


Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world.
Everyone thinks he has enough.
		-- Rene Descartes, 1637


Keep the phase, baby.


To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three
persons, two of them absent.


As I argued in "Beloved Son", a book about my son Brian and the subject of
religious communes and cults, one result of proper early instruction in the
methods of rational thought will be to make sudden mindless conversions --
to anything -- less likely.  Brian now realizes this and has, after eleven
years, left the sect he was associated with.  The problem is that once the
untrained mind has made a formal commitment to a religious philosophy --
and it does not matter whether that philosophy is generally reasonable and
high-minded or utterly bizarre and irrational -- the powers of reason are
surprisingly ineffective in changing the believer's mind.
		-- Steve Allen


I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
		-- Schulz


The girls that go to see a man's etchings
may not know art, but they know what they like.


Marvin the Nature Lover spied a grasshopper hopping along in the grass,
and in a mood for communing with nature, rare even among full-fledged
Nature Lovers, he spoke to the grasshopper, saying: "Hello, friend
grasshopper.  Did you know they've named a drink after you?"
	"Really?" replied the grasshopper, obviously pleased.  "They've
named a drink Fred?"


Q:	What's black and white and red all over?
A:	Two nuns in a chainsaw fight.


Banectomy, n.:
	The removal of bruises on a banana.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


Once was a hooker named Gail,
Busted and sent-off to jail,
	She liked the jailer,
	He wanted to nail her,
So Gail made bail with her tail.


Thinks't thou existence doth depend on time?
It doth; but actions are our epochs; mine
Have made my days and nights imperishable,
Endless, and all alike, as sands on the shore,
Innumerable atoms; and one desert,
Barren and cold, on which the wild waves break,
But nothing rests, save carcasses and wrecks,
Rocks, and the salt-surf weeds of bitterness.


Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.


Five people -- an Englishman, Russian, American, Frenchman and Irishman
were each asked to write a book on elephants.  Some amount of time later they
had all completed their respective books.  The Englishman's book was entitled
"The Elephant -- How to Collect Them", the Russian's "The Elephant -- Vol. I",
the American's "The Elephant -- How to Make Money from Them", the Frenchman's
"The Elephant -- Its Mating Habits" and the Irishman's "The Elephant and
Irish Political History".


You get what you pay for.
		-- Gabriel Biel


If the girl you love moves in with another guy once, it's more than enough.
Twice, it's much too much.  Three times, it's the story of your life.


Chicken Soup, n.:
	An ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of aureomycin,
	cocaine, interferon, and TLC.  The only ailment chicken soup
	can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


Fortune's Contribution of the Month to the Animal Rights Debate:

	I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine.
	"Hey you, get off my plate"
		-- Roger Midnight


Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have
learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
		-- W. S. Krabill


What this department needs is a really good inflatable doll.


My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right
thing to say.  And then say it with the utmost levity.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
		-- Brendan Francis


	Mr. Jones related an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada
Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ordered some parts from a new supplier in Japan.  The
company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent
defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time).
	The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in
plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per
cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separately."
		-- Excerpted from an article in The (Toronto) Globe and Mail


/Earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.


Follow me around.  I don't care.  I'm serious.  If anybody wants to put a
tail on me, go ahead.  They'd be very bored.
		-- Gary Hart, announcing his presidential candidacy,
		   commenting on rumors of womanizing.


Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).


XI:
	If the Earth could be made to rotate twice as fast, managers would
	get twice as much done.  If the Earth could be made to rotate twenty
	times as fast, everyone else would get twice as much done since all
	the managers would fly off.
XII:
	It costs a lot to build bad products.
XIII:
	There are many highly successful businesses in the United States.
	There are also many highly paid executives.  The policy is not to
	intermingle the two.
XIV:
	After the year 2015, there will be no airplane crashes.  There will
	be no takeoffs either, because electronics will occupy 100 percent
	of every airplane's weight.
XV:
	The last 10 percent of performance generates one-third of the cost
	and two-thirds of the problems.
		-- Norman Augustine


Advancement in position.


Any instrument when dropped will roll into the least accessible corner.


FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #8

	Idaho state law makes it illegal for a man to give his sweetheart
a box of candy weighing less than fifty pounds.


MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING


A New Yorker is riding down the road in his new Mercedes.  So intent is he
on the cocaine in his hand he completely misses a turn and his car plunges
over the five-hundred-foot cliff to be smashed into pieces at the bottom.
As the on-lookers rush to the edge of the cliff they see him fifty feet
from the top of the cliff clinging to a stunted bush with all his strength.
"Dear Lord," he prays, "I never asked you for nothin' before, but I'm askin'
you now: Save me, Lord, save me."
	Booms the Lord: "LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, if I do that, I'll fall!"
	"TRUST ME, LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	"But Lord, I'm gonna fall and die..."
	"TRUST ME TO SAVE YOU.  LET GO OF THE BRANCH."
	Okay, Lord, I'll trust you, here I...  here I go!"  And he falls
to his death.
	"DUMB YANKEE."


Now this is a totally brain damaged algorithm.  Gag me with a
smurfette.
		-- P. Buhr, Computer Science 354


I'd love to go out with you, but I'm taking punk totem pole carving.


Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
We their sons are more worthless than they:
so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)


Serenity through viciousness.


Buffy:	No!  You guys are gonna have a prom.  The kind of prom that
	everyone should have.  I'm going to give you all a nice, fun,
	normal evening; if I have to kill every single person on the
	face of the earth to do it!
Xander:	Yay.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


While not actually a sailor, I certainly enjoy getting blown ashore.


Alright, yes, date, and shop, and hang out, and go to school ... and
save the world from unspeakable demons.  You know, I want to do girlie
stuff.
		-- Buffy, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Faith, Hope & Trick"
		   Season 3, Episode 3


Buffy:	How do you get to be renowned?  I mean like, do you have to be
	nowned first?
Willow:	Yes.  First there is the painful nowning process.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Freshman"
		   Season 1, Episode 1


You should never ride in an airplane with a sports team,
because if the plane goes down, it's you they're gonna eat!
		-- Gordon Downie, singer for Tragically Hip


	"Our school, madame, postulates, first of all, that since the
science of mathematics is an abstract science, it is best inculcated by
some concrete example."
	Said the Queen, "But that sounds rather complicated."
	"It occasionally leads to complications," Jurgen admitted, "through
a choice of the wrong example.  But the axiom is no less true."
	"Come, then, and sit next to me on this couch if you can find it in
the dark; and do you explain to me what you mean."
	"Why, madame, by a concrete example I mean one that is perceptible
to any of the senses -- as to sight or hearing, or touch --"
	"Oh, oh!" said the Queen, "now I perceive what you mean by a concrete
example.  And grasping this, I can understand that complications must of
course arise from a choice of the wrong example."
		-- James Branch Cabell, "Jurgen"


Adding sound to movies would be like
putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.
		-- Mary Pickford, actress, 1925


She's such a kinky girl,
The kind you don't take home to mother.
She will never let your spirits down
Once you get her off the street.


Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.


I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves
for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.  To be a man
is to suffer for others.
		-- Cesar Chavez


The surest protection against temptation is cowardice.
		-- Mark Twain


Why did the Roman Empire collapse?  What is the Latin for office
automation?


Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.


Men's skin is different from women's skin.  It is usually bigger, and it
has more snakes tattooed on it.  Also, if you examine a woman's skin very
closely, inch by inch, starting at her shapely ankles, then gently tracing
the slender curve of her calves, then moving up to her ...

	[EDITOR'S NOTE: To make room for news articles about important
	 world events such as agriculture, we're going to delete the
	 next few square feet of the woman's skin.  Thank you.]

... until finally the two of you are lying there, spent, smoking your
cigarettes, and suddenly it hits you: Human skin is actually made up of
billions of tiny units of protoplasm, called "cells"!  And what is even more
interesting, the ones on the outside are all dying!  This is a fact.  Your
skin is like an aggressive modern corporation, where the older veteran cells,
who have finally worked their way to the top and obtained offices with nice
views, are constantly being shoved out the window head first, without so
much as a pension plan, by younger hotshot cells moving up from below.
		-- Dave Barry


I hate babies.  They're so human.
		-- H. H. Munro


Ask your boss to reconsider -- it's so difficult to take "Go to hell"
for an answer.


All most men really want in life is a wife, a house, two kids and a car,
a cat, no maybe a dog.  Ummm, scratch one of the kids and add a dog.
Definitely a dog.


No sooner had Edger Allen Poe
Finished his old Raven,
then he started his Old Crow.


A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call
what he writes fiction.
		-- William Faulkner


Absence makes the heart go wander.


Perhaps the world's second-worst crime is boredom.  The first is
being a bore.
		-- Cecil Beaton


A pig is a jolly companion,
Boar, sow, barrow, or gilt --
A pig is a pal, who'll boost your morale,
Though mountains may topple and tilt.
When they've blackballed, bamboozled, and burned you,
When they've turned on you, Tory and Whig,
Though you may be thrown over by Tabby and Rover,
You'll never go wrong with a pig, a pig,
You'll never go wrong with a pig!
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"


Grabel's Law:
	2 is not equal to 3 -- not even for large values of 2.


Mitchell's Law of Committees:
	Any simple problem can be made insoluble
	if enough meetings are held to discuss it.


You just wait, I'll sin till I blow up!
		-- Dylan Thomas


Mental power tended to corrupt, and absolute intelligence tended to
corrupt absolutely, until the victim eschewed violence entirely in
favor of smart solutions to stupid problems.
		-- Piers Anthony


A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
		-- Ziggy


It's easy to make a friend.  What's hard is to make a stranger.


You don't move to Edina, you achieve Edina.
		-- Guindon


There are many ways to say "I love you", but fucking is the fastest.


This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.


Debugging is anticipated with distaste, performed with reluctance,
and bragged about forever. -- Button at the Boston Computer Museum


QOTD:
	"I'm on a seafood diet -- I see food and I eat it."


Every love's the love before
In a duller dress.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Summary"


It's easy to make a friend.  What's hard is to make a stranger.


My mother was a test tube; my father was a knife.
		-- Friday


Editing is a rewording activity.


New members are urgently needed in the Society
for Prevention of Cruelty to Yourself.  Apply within.


You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.


