Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.


Time is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen at once.

Space is nature's way of making sure that
everything doesn't happen to you.


SERENDIPITY:
	The process by which human knowledge is advanced.


Mental things which have not gone in through the
senses are vain and bring forth no truth except detrimental.
		-- Leonardo


I can see him a'comin'
With his big boots on,
With his big thumb out,
He wants to get me.
He wants to hurt me.
He wants to bring me down.
But some time later,
When I feel a little straighter,
I'll come across a stranger
Who'll remind me of the danger,
And then.... I'll run him over.
Pretty smart on my part!
To find my way... In the dark!
		-- Phil Ochs


XLVII:
	Two-thirds of the Earth's surface is covered with water.  The other
	third is covered with auditors from headquarters.
XLVIII:
	The more time you spend talking about what you have been doing, the
	less time you have to spend doing what you have been talking about.
	Eventually, you spend more and more time talking about less and less
	until finally you spend all your time talking about nothing.
XLIX:
	Regulations grow at the same rate as weeds.
L:
	The average regulation has a life span one-fifth as long as a
	chimpanzee's and one-tenth as long as a human's -- but four times
	as long as the official's who created it.
LI:
	By the time of the United States Tricentennial, there will be more
	government workers than there are workers.
LII:
	People working in the private sector should try to save money.
	There remains the possibility that it may someday be valuable again.
		-- Norman Augustine


We may not return the affection of those who like us,
but we always respect their good judgment.


As the system comes up, the component builders will from time to time appear,
bearing hot new versions of their pieces -- faster, smaller, more complete,
or putatively less buggy.  The replacement of a working component by a new
version requires the same systematic testing procedure that adding a new
component does, although it should require less time, for more complete and
efficient test cases will usually be available.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Some people say a front-engine car handles best.  Some people say a
rear-engine car handles best.  I say a rented car handles best.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


T:	One big monster, he called TROLL.
	He don't rock, and he don't roll;
	Drink no wine, and smoke no stogies.
	He just Love To Eat Them Roguies.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC


Make war not sex.  (It's safer.)


Hear about...
	the 97-year-old prostitute who got herself listed in the Yellow
	Pages and now claims to be the oldest trick in the book?


Pie are not square.  Pie are round.  Cornbread are square.


Eat shit and die a virgin!


Tequila my girl, is deceiving:
Take two at the very most.
Take three and you're under the table,
Take four and you're under the host.


In specifications, Murphy's Law supersedes Ohm's.


He laughs at every joke three times... once when it's told,
once when it's explained, and once when he understands it.


When the cup is full, carry it level.


The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite
of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr


User friendly software searching for friendly Hardware to interface with.
Hardware may present itself in floppy format as software has capability to
upgrading same to full size firm.  Size is not all that important; but byte
sized bandwidth required -- header width is of more concern.  Joystick should
be able to toggle in different speeds and for some duration.  Software is
looking for system willing to perform intensive manipulation of keyboard as
well as preparing the mainframe and disk drives.  Fingering of all files
permitted, and encouraged, before thrusting joystick into drive.  Software
is programmed not to copy; there is no need for removing joystick before
completed execution of program.  Program may be run several times per day...
especially if special features and options are utilized.


Take your work seriously but never take yourself seriously; and do not
take what happens either to yourself or your work seriously.
		-- Booth Tarkington


Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and
car keys to teenage boys.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


MIT:
	The Georgia Tech of the North


Damn, I need a Coke!
		-- Dr. William DeVries
		   [after implanting the first artificial human heart]


To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide
a test load.


Smile, Cthulhu Loathes You.


Another day, another dollar.
		-- Vincent J. Fuller, defense lawyer for John Hinckley,
		   upon Hinckley's acquittal for shooting President Ronald
		   Reagan.


You must dine in our cafeteria.
You can eat dirt cheap there!!!!


A nymph hits you and steals your virginity.


Most men would never get laid if it weren't for the pity fuck.


There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke


Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
		-- Socrates' last words


I was offered a job as a hoodlum and I turned it down cold.  A thief is
anybody who gets out and works for his living, like robbing a bank or
breaking into a place and stealing stuff, or kidnaping somebody.  He really
gives some effort to it.  A hoodlum is a pretty lousy sort of scum.  He
works for gangsters and bumps guys off when they have been put on the spot.
Why, after I'd made my rep, some of the Chicago Syndicate wanted me to work
for them as a hood -- you know, handling a machine gun.  They offered me
two hundred and fifty dollars a week and all the protection I needed.  I
was on the lam at the time and not able to work at my regular line.  But
I wouldn't consider it.  "I'm a thief," I said.  "I'm no lousy hoodlum."
		-- Alvin Karpis, "Public Enemy Number One"


Overheard:
	"How do I feel?  Great!  And I kiss pretty good, too!"


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Woman:

 1. You can enjoy a beer all month.
 2. Beer stains wash out.
 3. Beer doesn't go crazy once a month.
 4. Beer never makes you wait.
 5. A beer doesn't get jealous when you grab another beer.
 6. Beer doesn't have a lawyer "in the family".
 7. A beer won't get upset if you come home with beer on your breath.
 8. Beer doesn't demand equality.
 9. Beer labels come off without a fight.
10. Beer doesn't mind being in the "wet spot" that IT left.


	One fine day, the bus driver went to the bus garage, started his bus,
and drove off along the route.  No problems for the first few stops -- a few
people got on, a few got off, and things went generally well.  At the next
stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on.  Six feet eight, built like a
wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground.  He glared at the driver and said,
"Big John doesn't pay!" and sat down at the back.
	Did I mention that the driver was five feet three, thin, and basically
meek?  Well, he was.  Naturally, he didn't argue with Big John, but he wasn't
happy about it.  Well, the next day the same thing happened -- Big John got on
again, made a show of refusing to pay, and sat down.  And the next day, and the
one after that, and so forth.  This grated on the bus driver, who started
losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him.  Finally he
could stand it no longer. He signed up for bodybuilding courses, karate, judo,
and all that good stuff.  By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong;
what's more, he felt really good about himself.
	So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus
and said "Big John doesn't pay!," the driver stood up, glared back at the
passenger, and screamed, "And why not?"
	With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, "Big John has a
bus pass."


No woman can endure a gambling husband, unless he is a steady winner.
		-- Lord Thomas Robert Dewar


If it's worth doing, it's worth doing for money.


The Tao is like a glob pattern:
used but never used up.
It is like the extern void:
filled with infinite possibilities.

It is masked but always present.
I don't know who built to it.
It came before the first kernel.


What kind of sordid business are you on now?  I mean, man, whither
goest thou?  Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
		-- Jack Kerouac


Four be the things I am wiser to know:
	Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.

Four be the things I'd been better without:
	Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.

Three be the things I shall never attain:
	Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.

Three be the things I shall have till I die:
	Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Inventory"


QOTD:
	"To hell with patience, I'm gonna kill me something!"


I remember Ulysses well...  Left one day for the post office
to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar,
and didn't come back for 20 years.


But I don't like Spam!!!!


Ladies and Gentlemen, Hobos and Tramps,
Cross-eyed mosquitos and bowlegged ants,
I come before you to stand behind you
To tell you of something I know nothing about.
Next Thursday (which is good Friday),
There will be a convention held in the
Women's Club which is strictly for Men.
Admission is free, pay at the door,
Pull up a chair, and sit on the floor.
It was a summer's day in winter,
And the snow was raining fast,
As a barefoot boy with shoes on,
Stood sitting in the grass.
Oh, that bright day in the dead of night,
Two dead men got up to fight.
Three blind men to see fair play,
Forty mutes to yell "Hooray"!
Back to back, they faced each other,
Drew their swords and shot each other.
A deaf policeman heard the noise,
Came and arrested those two dead boys.


The thing that takes up the least amount of time
and causes the most amount of trouble is sex.


Q:	What do you call a dog with no legs?
A:	What does it matter?  He can't come anyway.

	[I got a dog with no legs -- I call him Cigarette.
		Every night, I take him out for a drag.  Ed.]


All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.


Collaboration, n.:
	A literary partnership based on the false assumption that the
	other fellow can spell.


Draft beer, not people


"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for
you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going
and making yourself like everybody else.  You feel that, don't you?"  said
he, earnestly.
		-- William Morris, "Notes from Nowhere"


A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
		-- Lao Tsu


Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth.
Say, do you have a map to the next joint?


He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.


San Francisco, n.:
	Marcel Proust editing an issue of Penthouse.


A toast to the kisses you've snatched and vice-versa.


What luck for the rulers that men do not think.
		-- Adolf Hitler


Those of you who think you know it all upset those of us who do.


Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
		-- Mark Twain


The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a
remarkable Christian forbearance among men.
		-- Ambrose Bierce


A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.  He explained
that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three
assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they
each propose to ensure a win.  When they reconvened the gangster started with
the engineer:

Gangster: OK, Mr. engineer, what have you got?
Engineer: Well, I've invented a way to weave metallic threads into the saddle
	  blanket so that they will act as the plates of a battery and provide
	  electrical shock to the horse.
G:	  That's very good!  But let's hear from the chemist.
Chemist:  I've synthesized a powerful stimulant that dissolves
	  into simple blood sugars after ten minutes and therefore
	  cannot be detected in post-race tests.
G:	  Excellent, excellent!  But I want to hear from the physicist before
	  I decide what to do.  Physicist?

Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion...


Neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so.


At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.


VUJA DE:
	The feeling that you've *never*, *ever* been in this situation before.


Put no trust in cryptic comments.


Despite all appearances, your boss
is a thinking, feeling, human being.


Why not go out on a limb?
Isn't that where the fruit is?


It's hard to argue that God hated Oklahoma.
If He didn't, why is it so close to Texas?


Rule of Feline Frustration:
	When your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly
	content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the
	bathroom.


A friend of mine won't get a divorce, because he hates
lawyers more than he hates his wife.


The trouble with computers is that they do
what you tell them, not what you want.
		-- D. Cohen


No matter how celebrated the beauty of a woman, I would never spend a night
with her.  The only celebrity with whom I would share a night is Max Planck.
But he is dead.  So I live like a monk, aside from a little self gratification
in the afternoons.
		-- Salvador Dali


I never saw a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But I can tell you anyhow
I'd rather see than be one.
		-- Gellett Burgess

I've never seen a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But from the milk we're getting now
There certainly must be one
		-- Ogden Nash

Ah, yes, I wrote "The Purple Cow"
I'm sorry now I wrote it
But I can tell you anyhow
I'll kill you if you quote it.
		-- Gellett Burgess, many years later


Wombat's Laws of Computer Selection:
	(1) If it doesn't run Unix, forget it.
	(2) Any computer design over 10 years old is obsolete.
	(3) Anything made by IBM is junk. (See number 2)
	(4) The minimum acceptable CPU power for a single user is a
	    VAX/780 with a floating point accelerator.
	(5) Any computer with a mouse is worthless.
		-- Rich Kulawiec


	Harry constantly irritated his friends with his eternal optimism.
No matter how bad the situation, he would always say, "Well, it could have
been worse."
	To cure him of his annoying habit, his friends decided to invent a
situation so completely black, so dreadful, that even Harry could find no
hope in it.  Approaching him at the club bar one day, one of them said,
"Harry!  Did you hear what happened to George?  He came home last night,
found his wife in bed with another man, shot them both, and then turned
the gun on himself!"
	"Terrible," said Harry.  "But it could have been worse."
	"How in hell," demanded his dumbfounded friend, "could it possibly
have been worse?"
	"Well," said Harry, "if it had happened the night before, I'd be
dead right now."


First things first -- but not necessarily in that order.
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation...  The other eight are
unimportant.
		-- Henry Miller


