Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems.  It's easy
to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
		-- D. J. Hicks


Mistress Mary, quite contrary,
How does your garden grow?
With silver bells and cockle shells,
And one really fucked-up petunia.


Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
		-- Proverbs 26:5


Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain


First Law of Socio-Genetics:
	Celibacy is not hereditary.


A stately-looking matron was walking through the Bronx Zoo, studying the
animals.  When she passed the porcupine enclosure she beckoned to a nearby
attendant.
	"Young man," she began, "do North American porcupines have sharper
pricks than those raised in Africa?"
	The attendant hesitated for a moment.  "Well, ma'am," he answered,
"the African porcupine's quills are sharper... but I think their pricks are
about the same."


Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"


Two heads are better than one.
		-- John Heywood


Don't kid yourself.  Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.


Bringing your mate to a convention is like taking a game warden hunting.


We are upping our standards ... so up yours.
		-- Pat Paulsen for President


I am a bookaholic.  If you are a decent
person, you will not sell me another book.


A box without hinges, key, or lid,
Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Worthless.
		-- Sir George Bidell Airy, KCB, MA, LLD, DCL, FRS, FRAS
		   (Astronomer Royal of Great Britain), estimating for the
		   Chancellor of the Exchequer the potential value of the
		   "analytical engine" invented by Charles Babbage, September
		   15, 1842.


Never trust an operating system.


To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.


Put your trust in those who are worthy.


Worthless.
		-- Sir George Bidell Airy, KCB, MA, LLD, DCL, FRS, FRAS
		   (Astronomer Royal of Great Britain), estimating for the
		   Chancellor of the Exchequer the potential value of the
		   "analytical engine" invented by Charles Babbage, September
		   15, 1842.


I know a Polack his name is Cliff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
He sticks it in the freezer to get it stiff,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Serafina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She'll get down on all fours for a bowl of Purina,
Hey-la-de-la-de-lo.

I know a girl, her name is Cuffy,
Hey-la-de-la-de-la.
She douches with Tide and makes her pubes fluffy,
Hey la-de-la-de-lo.
		-- Doctor Dirty


Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
		-- Beckett


You will be advanced socially,
without any special effort on your part.


I THINK THEY SHOULD CONTINUE the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for
paneling.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


So... if you could choose any nose in the whole wide world,
which one would you pick?


A beautiful man is paradise for the eyes, hell for the soul, and
purgatory for the purse.


Voiceless it cries,
Wingless flutters,
Toothless bites,
Mouthless mutters.
What am I?


It is better to burn out than it is to rust.


What happened last night can happen again.


All theoretical chemistry is really physics;
and all theoretical chemists know it.
		-- Richard P. Feynman


I just got out of the hospital after a
speed reading accident.  I hit a bookmark.
		-- Steven Wright


Fuch's Warning:
	If you actually look like your passport photo, you aren't well
	enough to travel.


You're either part of the solution or part of the problem.
		-- Eldridge Cleaver


Goldenstern's Rules:
	1.  Always hire a rich attorney.
	2.  Never buy from a rich salesman.


You can observe a lot just by watching.
		-- Yogi Berra


The sealed-paper-in-a-safe thing is only your last resort if all your
password-knowers get hit by a redundant array of inexperienced busdrivers.
		-- jpd on comp.unix.freebsd.bsd.misc


If the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust,
this would be a better world.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


If I had any humility I would be perfect.
		-- Ted Turner


Small, adj.:
	Is it in yet?


LIFE:
	A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.


The nipples of Sarah Sarong
When excited are twelve inches long
	This embarrassed her lover
	Who was pained to discover
She expected no less of his dong


Q:	What is the mating call of a blonde?
A:	I think I'm drunk.

Q:	What's the call of a disappointed blonde?
A:	I *said*, I *think* I'm drunk!

Q:	What is the mating call of the ugly blonde?
A:	(Screaming) "I said: I'm drunk!"


He was so ugly hookers used to tell him, "Not on the first date."


The young stud walked into a bordello.  After he took his clothes off, the
woman was puzzled to see him put a clothespin on his nose, stuff cotton in
his ears, and put a prophylactic on his penis.
	"Hey," she asked, "what the hell are you doing?"
	"Well, ma'am", replied the stud, "there are two things I just can't
stand.  A screaming woman and the smell of burning rubber."


Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
		-- William Shakespeare


Although we modern persons tend to take our electric lights, radios,
mixers, etc., for granted, hundreds of years ago people did not have
any of these things, which is just as well because there was no place
to plug them in.  Then along came the first Electrical Pioneer,
Benjamin Franklin, who flew a kite in a lighting storm and received a
serious electrical shock.  This proved that lighting was powered by the
same force as carpets, but it also damaged Franklin's brain so severely
that he started speaking only in incomprehensible maxims, such as "A
penny saved is a penny earned."  Eventually he had to be given a job
running the post office.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"


Seems this guy notices a young nun sitting on the bus; through her heavy veil
he just spots a glimmer of her face.  Gorgeous!  She moves, and her vestments
cannot hide the fact she has a truly phenomenal body.  The guy gets more and
more excited until he finally approaches the nun and tells "Sister, please
believe me, I don't normally do this sort of thing, but I think I love you.
Could we maybe talk?"
	The nun almost runs off the bus.  As the young man's stop comes up,
the bus driver asks the guy if he was the person bothering the nun.  The man
starts apologizing, but the bus driver interrupts him.  "No, don't apologize,
I was checking her out myself.  Listen, you see where she got on?  She goes
there every day, to a little park.  Why don't you meet here there?"
	Sure enough, the man goes to the park the next day and there's the nun
in a secluded grove of trees.  He approaches her, and she seems, although shy,
much more willing to talk.  After an hour of cautious talk, he asks her if
she'd be willing to make love with him.  She blushes, smiles, blushes again
and says "yes".  But that she doesn't dare risk getting pregnant, so it would
have to be the "back door".
	As they start to make love, the young man is overcome with guilt;
panting, he says, "Sister, I have to tell you, I'm the guy who was annoying
you on the bus yesterday.
	Replies the nun, "Well, that's okay.  I'm not really a nun.  I'm
actually the bus driver."


C, n.:
	A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like
	assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything
	else.  It is either the best language available to the art today, or
	it isn't.
		-- Ray Simard


Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
		-- Chinese proverb


When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas


No one should have to wait until after ten o'clock for his english muffin!
		-- Snoopy


If 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick
and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your
shoulders and say to yourself, "Dijkstra would not have liked this",
well that would be enough immortality for me.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Hear about...
	the fellow who maintains a special register of particularly
	accommodating girls?  He refers to it as his little blew book.


There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
		-- Ralph Nader


!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I  !pleH


There's nothing remarkable about it.  All one has to do is hit the right
keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
		-- J. S. Bach


GRASSHOPPOTAMUS:
	A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.


Life begins at the centerfold and expands outward.
		-- Miss November, 1966


QOTD:
	"It's not the despair... I can stand the despair.  It's the hope."


And malt does more than Milton can to justify God's ways to man.
		-- A. E. Housman


I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and
implement a PL/1 compiler.
		-- T. Cheatham


There never was a good war or a bad peace.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


He's like a function -- he returns a value, in the form of
his opinion.  It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
		-- Phil Lapsley


Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.


If it is a Miracle, any sort of evidence will
answer, but if it is a Fact, proof is necessary.
		-- Samuel Clemens


Good night, Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.


Caution: Keep out of reach of children.


Power is poison.


Eleventh Law of Acoustics:
	In a minimum-phase system there is an inextricable link between
	frequency response, phase response and transient response, as they
	are all merely transforms of one another.  This combined with
	minimalization of open-loop errors in output amplifiers and correct
	compensation for non-linear passive crossover network loading can
	lead to a significant decrease in system resolution lost.  However,
	of course, this all means jack when you listen to Pink Floyd.


If a can of Alpo costs 38 cents, would it cost $2.50 in Dog Dollars?


A grammarian's life is always intense.


Wasting time is an important part of living.


Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to
build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying
to produce bigger and better idiots.  So far, the Universe is winning.
		-- Rich Cook


The qotc (quote of the con) was Liz's:
	"My brain is paged out to my liver"


The gods gave man fire and he invented fire engines.
They gave him love and he invented marriage.


Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
		-- Thomas Szasz


Hear about...
	the nymphomaniac teenager popularly known as Little Often Annie?


Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
		-- Sir Walter Raleigh


Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
		-- Kin Hubbard


A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
		-- Benjamin Franklin


No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
		-- William Blake


Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service


Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.


Marlene wanted Joy to relent,
She said, "AIDS is so hard to prevent.
	If you want to get laid,
	Then we'll have to tribade!"
(But Joy didn't know what she meant.)


What excuses stand in your way?  How can you eliminate them?
		-- Roger von Oech


On a tous un peu peur de l'amour, mais on
a surtout peur de souffrir ou de faire souffrir.

[One is always a little afraid of love, but
above all, one is afraid of pain or causing pain.]


A hypocrite is a person who ... but who isn't?
		-- Don Marquis


And if sometime, somewhere, someone asketh thee,
"Who kilt thee?", tell them it 'twas the Doones of Bagworthy!


Q:	Why are babies born with soft spots on their heads?
A:	So you can pick 'em up five at a time.


I don't have any use for bodyguards, but I do have a specific use for two
highly trained certified public accountants.
		-- Elvis Presley


To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances
may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
		-- Joseph Glanvill, 1661


The sex was nice, but confusing.  The whole situation kept going di-polar
on Sta-Hi.  One instant Misty would seem like a lovely warm girl who'd
survived a terrible injury, like a lost puppy to be stroked, a lonely
woman to be husbanded.  But then he'd start thinking of the wires behind
her eyes, and he'd be screwing a machine, an inanimate object, a public
toilet.  Just like with any other woman for him, really.
		-- Rudy Rucker, "Software"


Drinking is not a spectator sport.
		-- Jim Brosnan


If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing
of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur
of this life.
		-- Albert Camus


Flattery will get you everywhere.


You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
		-- Indira Gandhi


"I don't think so," said Ren'e Descartes.  Just then, he vanished.


Well, you see there was this neighborhood that had a priest, a minister, and
a rabbi who lived near each other.  One summer afternoon the priest went out
and bought himself a new car, and the minister and rabbi, not to be outdone,
did the same.
	The next day the priest went out and blessed his car.  The minister
hired a crane and baptized his car in a swimming pool.  The rabbi, after
thinking seriously for a bit, got a hacksaw and cut three inches off the end
of the tail pipe.


How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
		-- Pink Floyd


MARTA SAYS THE INTERESTING thing about fly-fishing is that its two lives
connected by a thin strand.

Come on, Marta, grow up.
		-- Jack Handey, "The New Mexican" (1988)


Conversation, n.:
	A vocal competition in which the one who is catching his breath
	is called the listener.


That, that is, is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.


One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart


A Southern boy graduates from high school heads north to college, taking the
family dog, Old Blue with him, for company.  He's only been there a few weeks
when he gets a call from his girlfriend; seems like they've got a problem,
and she needs a thousand dollars to take care of it.  The boy calls his folks:
	"How are you?" they ask.
	"Oh, I'm fine," he says.
	"And how," they ask, "is Old Blue?"
	"Well, he's kind of depressed.  You see, there's this lady up here
that teaches dogs to talk, and Ol' Blue is feelin' kind of left out 'cause
he's the only dog that doesn't know how to talk.  She charges a thousand
dollars."
	The parents send the boy the thousand dollars, he forwards it to Mary
Lou, and everything's fine until Christmas vacation.  The boy leaves Ol' Blue
at his dorm, 'cause he just can't figure out what to tell his parents.  Sure
enough, when he gets home, the first thing his father wants to know is
"Where's Old Blue?"
	"Well, Pa," says the boy.  "I was driving on home and Old Blue was
talking away about this and that when we passed the Buford's farm.  Old Blue,
well, he said, `Say, what do you think your mother would do if I told her
that your father's been comin' over here and seeing Mrs. Buford all these
years?'"
	The father looks at his son -- "You shot that dog, didn't you, boy?"


Concept, n.:
	Any "idea" for which an outside consultant billed you more than
	$25,000.


My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big satellite photo
of the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here".
		-- Steven Wright


It was a female that drove me to drink
and I didn't even have the kindness to thank her.
		-- R.E. Baber


It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.


Under the wide and heavy VAX
Dig my grave and let me relax
Long have I lived, and many my hacks
And I lay me down with a will.
These be the words that tell the way:
"Here he lies who piped 64K,
Brought down the machine for nearly a day,
And Rogue playing to an awful standstill."


First, a few words about tools.

Basically, a tool is an object that enables you to take advantage of
the laws of physics and mechanics in such a way that you can seriously
injure yourself.  Today, people tend to take tools for granted.  If
you're ever walking down the street and you notice some people who look
particularly smug, the odds are that they are taking tools for
granted.  If I were you, I'd walk right up and smack them in the face.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


Well buggered was a boy named Delpasse
By all of the lads in his class
	He said, with a yawn,
	"Now the novelty's gone
And it's only a pain in the ass."


Home of Doberman Propulsion Laboratories:
The ultimate in watchdog weaponry.
		-- Chris Shaw


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(8) Peace cannot be achieved merely by developing an "understanding"
    among peoples.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.


	The devout Jew was beside himself because his son had been dating
a shiksa, so he went to visit his rabbi.  The rabbi listened solemnly to
his problem, took his hand, and said, "Pray to God."
	So the Jew went to the synagogue, bowed his head, and prayed, "God,
please help me.  My son, my favorite son, he's going to marry a shiksa, he
sees nothing but goyim..."
	"Your son," boomed down this voice from the heavens, "you think
you got problems.  What about my son?"


He:	"Hey, Baby, I'd sure like to get in your pants!"
She:	"No, thanks, I've already got one asshole in there now."


The government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the
Christian Religion
		-- George Washington


There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life
is the process of discovering them over and over and over.
		-- David Nichols


Bagbiter:
	1. n.; Equipment or program that fails, usually
intermittently.  2. adj.:  Failing hardware or software.  "This
bagbiting system won't let me get out of spacewar."  Usage:  verges on
obscenity.  Grammatically separable; one may speak of "biting the
bag".  Synonyms: LOSER, LOSING, CRETINOUS, BLETCHEROUS, BARFUCIOUS,
CHOMPER, CHOMPING.


It's a bitch being butch.


The two party system ... is a triumph of the dialectic.  It showed that
two could be one and one could be two and had probably been fabricated
by Hegel for the American market on a subcontract from General Dynamics.
		-- I. F. Stone


