I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the
reader.  But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if
I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
		-- Stephen King


I have a dream.  I have a dream that one day, on the red hills of Georgia,
the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slaveowners will be able to
sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.


I used to have a drinking problem.
Now I love the stuff.


There's too much beauty upon this earth for lonely men to bear.
		-- Richard Le Gallienne


A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
		-- Stanislaw Lem


	"Yes, let's consider," said Bruno, putting his thumb into his
mouth again, and sitting down upon a dead mouse.
	"What do you keep that mouse for?" I said.  "You should either
bury it or else throw it into the brook."
	"Why, it's to measure with!" cried Bruno.  "How ever would you
do a garden without one?  We make each bed three mouses and a half
long, and two mouses wide."
	I stopped him as he was dragging it off by the tail to show me
how it was used...
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Sylvie and Bruno"


The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.


Plato, by the way, wanted to banish all poets from his proposed Utopia
because they were liars.  The truth was that Plato knew philosophers
couldn't compete successfully with poets.
		-- Kilgore Trout (Philip J. Farmer) "Venus on the Half
		   Shell"


LEVERAGE:
	Even if someone doesn't care what the world thinks
	about them, they always hope their mother doesn't find out.


Yevtushenko has... an ego that can crack crystal at a distance of twenty
feet.
		-- John Cheever


A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong!


Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you,
and just before you realize what is wrong with it.


Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Good children always obey.
	Quit acting so childish.
	Boys don't cry.
	If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
	Why do you have to know so much?
	This hurts me more than it hurts you.
	Why?  Because I'm bigger than you.
	Well, you've ruined everything.  Now are you happy?
	Oh, grow up.
	I'm only doing this because I love you.


QOTD:
	"I ain't broke, but I'm badly bent."


Hackers do it with fewer instructions.


Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking
difficulties before we get to them.
		-- Dr. Frank Crane


MONTANA:
	Where forty-three below keeps out the riff-raff.


No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.


Chairman of the Bored.


It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be
privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to
corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Mixed emotions:
	Watching a bus-load of lawyers plunge off a cliff.
	With five empty seats.


Liberals are the first to dump you if you con them or get into
trouble.  Conservatives are better.  They never run out on you.
		-- Joseph "Crazy Joe" Gallo


Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than
being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"


The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking.
		-- Christopher Morley


Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years
organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office.
		-- David Broder


Smoking is, as far as I'm concerned, the entire point of being an adult.
		-- Fran Lebowitz


Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a
just man is also in prison.
		-- Henry David Thoreau


A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.


Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past
but fortunately, it can still be changed today.


Mandrell: "You know what I think?"
Doctor:   "Ah, ah that's a catch question.  With a brain your size you
	  don't think, right?"
		-- "Doctor Who"


Would you please have another look at my nose and put in that cocaine
stuff ...
		-- Adolf Hitler, quoted by Dr. Giesing in Nuremberg
		   trial testimony, 1947


The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedom.
		-- Justice Douglas


He who slings mud loses ground.
		-- Chinese proverb


Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Your chances of getting hit by lightning go up if you stand under a tree,
shake your fist at the sky, and say, "Storms suck!"
		-- Johnny Carson


What is a promiscuous person -- it's usually someone who is getting more
sex than you are.
		-- Victor Lownes, quoted in "In and Out: Debrett 1980-81",
		   by N. Mackwood


I'm sorry I missed.
		-- Squeaky Fromme


Q:	Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks?
A:	It takes too long to retrain them.

Q:	What's the mating call of the brunette?
A:	All the blondes have gone home!

Q:	How do you tell if a blonde's been using the computer?
A:	There's white-out on the screen.


A robin redbreast in a cage
Puts all Heaven in a rage.
		-- Blake


I found out why my car was humming.  It had forgotten the words.


A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.


Gordon's Law:
	If you think you have the solution, the question was poorly phrased.


FreeBSD: It's 3am at night.  Do you know where your fairings are?


I know of a fortunate Hindu
Who is sought in the towns that he's been to
	By the ladies he knows,
	Who are thrilled to the toes
By the tricks that he makes his foreskin do.


Pauca sed matura.  (Few but excellent.)
		-- Gauss


				UNIX Trix

For those of you in the reseller business, here is a helpful tip that will
save your support staff a few hours of precious time.  Before you send your
next machine out to an untrained client, change the permissions on /etc/passwd
to 666 and make sure there is a copy somewhere on the disk.  Now when they
forget the root password, you can easily login as an ordinary user and correct
the damage.  Having a bootable tape (for larger machines) is not a bad idea
either.  If you need some help, give us a call.

		-- CommUNIXque 1:1, ASCAR Business Systems


The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science
requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


My friend has a baby.  I'm writing down all the noises he makes so
later I can ask him what he meant.
		-- Steven Wright


Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
		-- Seneca


Live fast, die young, and leave a flat patch of fur on the highway!
		-- The Squirrels' Motto (The "Hell's Angels of Nature")


Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.


Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have
drawn them there.  What you choose to do with them is up to you.
		-- Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul


QOTD:
	"It wouldn't have been anything, even if it were gonna be a thing."


A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn


Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.


Job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.


No one so thoroughly appreciates the value of constructive criticism as the
one who's giving it.
		-- Hal Chadwick


When the sun shineth, make hay.
		-- John Heywood


Always think of something new; this
helps you forget your last rotten idea.
		-- Seth Frankel


	Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles,
called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you
have been drinking.  Electrons travel at the speed of light, which in
most American homes is 110 volts per hour.  This is very fast.  In the
time it has taken you to read this sentence so far, an electron could
have traveled all the way from San Francisco to Hackensack, New Jersey,
although God alone knows why it would want to.
	The five main kinds of electricity are alternating current,
direct current, lightning, static, and European.  Most American homes
have alternating current, which means that the electricity goes in one
direction for a while, then goes in the other direction.  This prevents
harmful electron buildup in the wires.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"


The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedom.
		-- Justice Douglas


Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
		-- Victor Hugo


Immortality -- a fate worse than death.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff


Pilfering Treasure property is particularly dangerous: big thieves are
ruthless in punishing little thieves.
		-- Diogenes


I always pass on good advice.  It is the only thing to do with it.
It is never any good to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "An Ideal Husband"


Official Project Stages:
	1. Uncritical Acceptance
	2. Wild Enthusiasm
	3. Dejected Disillusionment
	4. Total Confusion
	5. Search for the Guilty
	6. Punishment of the Innocent
	7. Promotion of the Non-participants


Satire is what closes in New Haven.


A Nixon [is preferable to] a Dean Rusk -- who will be passionately
wrong with a high sense of consistency.
		-- J. K. Galbraith


We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to
the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his
children smart.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Minority Report"


You are fairminded, just and loving.


I can't quite put my finger on it, but something about you pisses me off.
		-- Peter Knight


What has roots as nobody sees,
Is taller than trees,
Up, up it goes,
And yet never grows?


Rule of the Great:
	When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep
	thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.


Screw up your courage!  You've screwed up everything else.


The bustard's a remarkable fowl
With surely no reason to growl
	He escapes what would be
	Illegitimacy
By the grace of a fortunate vowel.


She's looking for:	He's looking for:	Foreplay:
1957			Someone who'll go	Her: Finding a place to put
Mr. Nice Guy		all the way		     her gum
						Him: Wondering which word would
						     best describe her breasts
						     to the guys

1967			Someone who's got	The first ten minutes
Mr. Natural		rolling papers and	of "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida"
			will go all the way

1977			Someone who'll go	Testing the batteries
Mr. Goodbar		all the way in leg
			warmers and a leather
			face mask

1987			Someone who's never	Examination of the genitalia
Mr. Clean		gone all the way in	under the magnifying glass
			San Francisco		that Grandma used for needle-
						point before she passed away
		-- Michael Corcoran, "National Lampoon", October 1987


Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?


If 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick
and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your
shoulders and say to yourself, "Dijkstra would not have liked this",
well that would be enough immortality for me.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


I don't have an eating problem.  I eat.
I get fat.  I buy new clothes.  No problem.


She often gave herself very good advice
(though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


    ***
  *******
 *********
 ****** Confucius say: "Is stuffy inside fortune cookie."
  *******
    ***


Auribus teneo lupum.
[I hold a wolf by the ears.]


			Pittsburgh driver's test
7: The car directly in front of you has a flashing right tail light
   but a steady left tail light.  This means
	a) One of the tail lights is broken.  You should blow your
	   horn to call the problem to the driver's attention.
	b) The driver is signaling a right turn.
	c) The driver is signaling a left turn.
	d) The driver is from out of town.
The correct answer is d.
Tail lights are used in some foreign countries to signal turns.


There are no great men, buster.  There are only men.
		-- Elaine Stewart, "The Bad and the Beautiful"


I'm going through my "I want to go back to New York" phase today.  Happens
every six months or so.  So, I thought, perhaps unwisely, that I'd share
it with you.

> In New York in the winter it is million degrees below zero and
  the wind travels at a million miles an hour down 5th avenue.
> And in LA it's 72.

> In New York in the summer it is a million degrees and the humidity
  is a million percent.
> And in LA it's 72.

> In New York there are a million interesting people.
> And in LA there are 72.


The early worm gets the bird.


They Tore Out My Heart and Stomped That Sucker Flat
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard


Q:	Why is it that the more accuracy you demand from an interpolation
	function, the more expensive it becomes to compute?
A:	That's the Law of Spline Demand.


Don't look back, the lemmings might be gaining on you.


He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.


We were young and our happiness dazzled us with its strength.  But there was
also a terrible betrayal that lay within me like a Merle Haggard song at a
French restaurant. [...]
	I could not tell the girl about the woman of the tollway, of her milk
white BMW and her Jordache smile.  There had been a fight.  I had punched her
boyfriend, who fought the mechanical bulls.  Everyone told him, "You ride the
bull, senor.  You do not fight it."  But he was lean and tough like a bad
rib-eye and he fought the bull.  And then he fought me.  And when we finished
there were no winners, just men doing what men must do. [...]
	"Stop the car," the girl said.
	There was a look of terrible sadness in her eyes.  She knew about the
woman of the tollway.  I knew not how.  I started to speak, but she raised an
arm and spoke with a quiet and peace I will never forget.
	"I do not ask for whom's the tollway belle," she said, "the tollway
belle's for thee."
	The next morning our youth was a memory, and our happiness was a lie.
Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey
onto my granola and faced a new day.
		-- Peter Applebome, International Imitation Hemingway
		   Competition


The New York Times is read by the people who run the country.  The
Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country.
The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive
and running the country ...
		-- Robert J. Woodhead


One man's brain plus one other will produce one half as many ideas as
one man would have produced alone.  These two plus two more will
produce half again as many ideas.  These four plus four more begin to
represent a creative meeting, and the ratio changes to one quarter as
many ...
		-- Anthony Chevins


PARANOIA:
	A healthy understanding of the way the universe works.


An attorney was defending his client against a charge of first-degree
murder.  "Your Honor, my client is accused of stuffing his lover's
mutilated body into a suitcase and heading for the Mexican border.
Just north of Tijuana a cop spotted her hand sticking out of the
suitcase.  Now, I would like to stress that my client is *not* a
murderer.  A sloppy packer, maybe..."


For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]



The primary theme of SoupCon is communication.  The acronym "LEO"
represents the secondary theme:

	Law Enforcement Officials

The overall theme of SoupCon shall be:

	Avoiding Communication with Law Enforcement Officials
		-- M. Gallaher


If an average person on the subway turns to you, like an ancient mariner,
and starts telling you her tale, you turn away or nod and hope she stops,
not just because you fear she might be crazy.  If she tells her tale on
camera, you might listen.  Watching strangers on television, even
responding to them from a studio audience, we're disengaged - voyeurs
collaborating with exhibitionists in rituals of sham community.  Never
have so many known so much about people for whom they cared so little.
		-- Wendy Kaminer commenting on testimonial television
		   in "I'm Dysfunctional, You're Dysfunctional".


If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.


Sorry.  I forget what I was going to say.


She was good at playing abstract confusion in the same way a midget is
good at being short.
		-- Clive James, on Marilyn Monroe


It is November first 1940; in the famous sound stage of THE WIZARD OF OZ on
the MGM lot, a little man is lying face-up on the yellow brick road.  His
wide eyes stare upward into the blinding stage lights.  He is wearing a
kind of comic soldier's uniform with a yellow coat and puffy sleeves and
big fez-like blue and yellow hat with a feather on top.  His yellow hair
and beard are the phony straw color of Hollywood.  He could pass for some
kind of cute in the typical tinsel-town way if it wasn't for the knife
sticking out of his chest.  *Someone had murdered a Munchkin.*
		-- Stuart Kaminsky, "Murder on the Yellow Brick Road"


Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.


The new cinematic emporium
Is not just a super-sensorium,
	But a highly effectual
	Heterosexual
Mutual masturbatorium.


Q:	What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
A:	Chewing gum.


QUOTE OF THE DAY:

	`



The two oldest professions in the world have been ruined by amateurs.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


Jesus has just stopped the crowd from stoning Mary Magdalene to death
and is berating the self-pious with the famous speech, "Let the one
among you who is without sin cast the first stone..."
	Right about then, a rock comes winging through the air and hits
Jesus upside the head.  He whirls around and shouts "Alright, Mom, c'mon!
I'm trying to make a point, here!"


Our little systems have their day;
They have their day and cease to be;
They are but broken lights of thee.
		-- Tennyson


fortune: cpu time/usefulness ratio too high -- core dumped.


QOTD:
	"A lack of advanced planning on your part does not constitute
	an emergency on my part."


2180, U.S. History question:
	What 20th Century U.S. President was almost impeached and what
office did he later hold?


Watch out for a cold wave this week.  (Or maybe a warm WAC.)


The computer gets faster! --Moore--


Q:	How much money do you give to a 900 foot Jesus?
A:	As much as he wants.


Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem


For a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(10) Liberalism poisons the soul.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Why is Mrs. Carter always on top when she and Jimmy make love?
Because all Jimmy Carter can do is fuck up.


We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764


	"What do you do when your real life exceeds your wildest
fantasies?"
	"You keep it to yourself."
		-- Broadcast News


Q:	Why was Cinderella banished from the Magic Kingdom?
A:	For sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Tell the truth!
	Tell a lie!  Tell the truth!  Tell a lie!"


Boy, n.:
	A noise with dirt on it.


I was in Vegas last week. I was at the roulette table, having a
lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
		-- Steven Wright


For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
		-- Paul of Tarsus, (Saint Paul)


He who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist.


Despising machines to a man,
The Luddites joined up with the Klan,
	And ride out by night
	In a sheeting of white
To lynch all the robots they can.
		-- C. M. and G. A. Maxson


Ray's Rule of Precision:
	Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.


I have a little shadow that goes in and out with me,
And what can be the use of him is more than I can see.
He is very, very like me from the heels up to the head;
And I see him jump before me, when I jump into my bed.

The funniest thing about him is the way he likes to grow--
Not at all like proper children, which is always very slow;
For he sometimes shoots up taller, like an india-rubber ball,
And he sometimes gets so little that there's none of him at all.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


For years a secret shame destroyed my peace --
I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece.
But now I think a thought that brings me hope:
Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope.
		-- Justin Richardson


The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment
you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to work.


ALGORITHM:
	Trendy dance for hip programmers.


That must be wonderful: I don't understand it at all.
		-- Moliere


Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies.  Women's magazines
also often feature pictures of naked ladies.  This is because the female
body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and
should not be seen by the light of day.
		-- Richard Roeper, "Men and Women Are Different"


	"They spend years searching for their natural parents, convinced their
parents will be happy to see them.  I mean, really, can you imagine someone
being happy to see an orphan?  Nobody wants them... that's why they're orphans!"
	The speaker is Anne Baker, founder and guiding force behind
Orphan-Off, an organization dedicated to keeping orphans confused about the
whereabouts of their natural parents.  She is a woman with a mission:
	"Basically, what we do is band together to exchange information
about which orphans are looking for which parents in what part of the
country.  We're completely computerized.
	"The idea is to throw the orphans as many red herrings and false
leads as possible.  We'll tell some twenty-three-year-old loser that his
real parents can be found at a certain address on the other side of the
country.  Well, by the time the kid shows up, the family is prepared.  They
look over the kid's photos and information and they say, 'Oh, the Emersons...
yeah, they used to live here... I think they moved out about five years ago.
I think they went to Iowa, or maybe Idaho.'
	"Bam, the door shuts in the kid's face and he's back to zero again.
He's got nothing to go on but the orphan's pathetic determination to continue.
	"It's really amazing how much these kids will put up with.  Last year
we even sent one kid all the way to Australia.  I mean, really.  Besides, if
your natural parents were Australian, would you want to meet them?"
		-- "National Lampoon", September, 1984


Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?


What excuses stand in your way?  How can you eliminate them?
		-- Roger von Oech


The degree of civilization in a society
can be judged by entering its prisons.
		-- F. Dostoyevski


