He was the sort of person whose personality
would be greatly improved by a terminal illness.


	The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball...
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years
old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.  You've got to let it
grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're
bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
		-- Babe Ruth, in his 1948 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium


The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
		-- Noelie Alito


Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	You wouldn't understand.
	You ask too many questions.
	In order to be a man, you have to learn to follow orders.
	That's for me to know and you to find out.
	Don't let those bullies push you around.  Go in there and stick
		up for yourself.
	You're acting too big for your britches.
	Well, you broke it.  Now are you satisfied?
	Wait till your father gets home.
	Bored?  If you're bored, I've got some chores for you.
	Shape up or ship out.


Nothing is as simple as it seems at first
	Or as hopeless as it seems in the middle
		Or as finished as it seems in the end.


No use getting too involved in life --
you're only here for a limited time.


A doctor calls his patient to give him the results of his tests.  "I have
some bad news," says the doctor, "and some worse news."  The bad news is
that you only have six weeks to live."
	"Oh, no," says the patient.  "What could possibly be worse than
that?"
	"Well," the doctor replies, "I've been trying to reach you since
last Monday."


Monday, n.:
	In Christian countries, the day after the football game.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Swap read error.  You lose your mind.


Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S Audit!
Just type in your name and social security number.
Please remember that leaving the room is punishable under law:

Name	#




Arnold's Laws of Documentation:
	(1) If it should exist, it doesn't.
	(2) If it does exist, it's out of date.
	(3) Only documentation for useless programs transcends the
	    first two laws.


Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
		-- Jimmy Breslin


Remember: use logout to logout.


Mathematicians do it with a small, imaginary part.


Have you noticed the way people's intelligence capabilities decline
sharply the minute they start waving guns around?
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"


[A computer is] like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.
		-- Joseph Campbell


FORTUNE ANSWERS THE TOUGH QUESTIONS: #3

Q:	Why haven't you graduated yet?
A:	Well, Dad, I could have finished years ago, but I wanted
	my dissertation to rhyme.


If Christianity was morality, Socrates would be the Saviour.
		-- William Blake


There was a young tenor named Springer,
Got his testicles caught in a wringer.
	He hollered in pain,
	As they rolled down the drain,
"There goes my career as a singer!"


Nitwit ideas are for emergencies.  You use them when you've got nothing
else to try.  If they work, they go in the Book.  Otherwise you follow
the Book, which is largely a collection of nitwit ideas that worked.
		-- Larry Niven, "The Mote in God's Eye"


If it's worth doing, it's worth doing for money.


Polymer physicists are into chains.


Q:	What's more fearsome than a grizzly bear with AIDS?
A:	The guy he got it from.


Chastity:
	The most unnatural of the sexual perversions.
		-- Aldous Huxley


Blame Saint Andreas -- it's all his fault.


The world is not octal despite DEC.


From the moment I picked your book up until I put it down I was
convulsed with laughter.  Some day I intend reading it.
		-- Groucho Marx, from "The Book of Insults"


The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher
Called a hen a most elegant creature.
	The hen, pleased with that,
	Laid an egg in his hat --
And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes


I wish there was a knob on the TV where you could turn up the
intelligence.  They've got one called brightness, but it doesn't
seem to work.
		-- Gallagher


The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
		-- John McNulty


fortune: cpu time/usefulness ratio too high -- core dumped.


Help stamp out Mickey-Mouse computer interfaces -- Menus are for Restaurants!


Real Programs don't use shared text.  Otherwise, how can they
use functions for scratch space after they are finished calling them?


	NEW YORK -- Kraft Foods, Inc. announced today that its board of
directors unanimously rejected the $11 billion takeover bid by Philip
Morris and Co. A Kraft spokesman stated in a press conference that the
offer was rejected because the $90-per-share bid did not reflect the
true value of the company.
	Wall Street insiders, however, tell quite a different story.
Apparently, the Kraft board of directors had all but signed the takeover
agreement when they learned of Philip Morris' marketing plans for one of
their major Middle East subsidiaries.  To a person, the board voted to
reject the bid when they discovered that the tobacco giant intended to
reorganize Israeli Cheddar, Ltd., and name the new company Cheeses of
Nazareth.


Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.


Rules for Writers:
	Avoid run-on sentences they are hard to read.  Don't use no double
negatives.  Use the semicolon properly, always use it where it is appropriate;
and never where it isn't.  Reserve the apostrophe for it's proper use and
omit it when its not needed.  No sentence fragments. Avoid commas, that are
unnecessary.  Eschew dialect, irregardless.  And don't start a sentence with
a conjunction.  Hyphenate between sy-llables and avoid un-necessary hyphens.
Write all adverbial forms correct.  Don't use contractions in formal writing.
Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided.  It is incumbent on
us to avoid archaisms.  Steer clear of incorrect forms of verbs that have
snuck in the language.  Never, ever use repetitive redundancies.  If I've
told you once, I've told you a thousand times, resist hyperbole.  Also,
avoid awkward or affected alliteration.  Don't string too many prepositional
phrases together unless you are walking through the valley of the shadow of
death.  "Avoid overuse of 'quotation "marks."'"


Universities are places of knowledge.  The freshman each bring a little
in with them, and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.


The myth of romantic love holds that once you've fallen in love with the
perfect partner, you're home free.  Unfortunately, falling out of love
seems to be just as involuntary as falling into it.


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Even a man who is pure at heart,
And says his prayers at night
Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms,
And the moon is full and bright.
		-- The Wolf Man, 1941


Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.


Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
It doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who watches
over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow
His precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that.  On the
other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their
religions.
		-- Benjamin Spock


There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government
working for you.
		-- Will Rogers


QOTD:
	"Overweight is when you step on your dog's tail and it dies."


To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education.
To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun.  To accuse neither
oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
		-- Epictetus


Type louder, please.


Illiterate?  Write today, for free help!


Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.


A computer, to print out a fact,
Will divide, multiply, and subtract.
	But this output can be
	No more than debris,
If the input was short of exact.
		-- Gigo


If you notice that a person is deceiving you,
they must not be deceiving you very well.


If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
		-- Marvin Kitman


I ain't got no quarrel with them Viet Congs.
		-- Muhammad Ali


Democracy can only be measured on the existence of an opposition.
		-- Poul Henningsen (1894-1967)


Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts
down the system for days.


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#4

Weddings:
	When reminiscing about weddings, women talk about "the ceremony".
Men talk about "the bachelor party".

Clothes:
	Men don't discard clothes.  The average man still has the gym shirt
he wore in high school.  He thinks a jacket is "just getting broken in" about
the time it develops holes in the elbows.  A man will let new shirts sit on
the shelf in their original packaging for a couple of years before putting
them to use, hoping they'll become more comfortable with age.
	Women think clothes are radioactive, with a half-life of one year.
They exercise precautions to avoid contamination by last year's fashions.


Try not.
Do.
Or do not.
There is no try.


Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort
of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
		-- Erma Bombeck


Worst Response To A Crisis, 1985:
	From a readers' Q and A column in TV GUIDE: "If we get involved
	in a nuclear war, would the electromagnetic pulses from
	exploding bombs damage my videotapes?"


Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.


What is the difficulty with writing a PDP-8 program to emulate Jerry
Ford?

Figuring out what to do with the other 3K.


A new lumberjack had just finished his first month in the lonely wilds of
Alaska, where there were no women for miles.  He finally couldn't take it
anymore and nervously asked the foreman what the other men did to relieve
the pressure.
	"Try the hole in the barrel outside the shower," suggested the
foreman.  "The other men swear by it."
	The lumberjack dubiously tried it out and had the experience of
his life.  "That barrel is fantastic!  Warm!  Wet!  I'm going to use it
every day!"
	"Every day but the third Wednesday of the month," one of the
other men replied.
	"Why not then?"
	"That's your day in the barrel."


Q:	Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together?
A:	To prevent the sensible ones from going home.


In youth, it was a way I had
To do my best to please,
And change, with every passing lad,
To suit his theories.

But now I know the things I know,
And do the things I do;
And if you do not like me so,
To hell, my love, with you!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Indian Summer"


You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.


Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"


	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


Schlattwhapper, n.:
	The window shade that allows itself to be pulled down,
	hesitates for a second, then snaps up in your face.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


The attractive and grief-stricken widow had been living in seclusion at the
home of her deceased husband's younger brother for several weeks.  One evening,
when she could no longer control her emotions, she barged into her brother-in-
law's study and pleaded, "James, I want you to take off my dress."  Shyly,
the brother-in-law did as she requested.  "Now," she continued, "take off my
slip."  He again complied.  "And now," she said, with a slight blush, "remove
my panties and bra."  Once more James obeyed her command.
	Then, regaining her composure, she stared directly at the young man
and boldly announced, "I have only one more request, James.  Don't ever let
me catch you wearing my things again."


Stone's Law:
	One man's "simple" is another man's "huh?"


You may be recognized soon.  Hide.


Alimony is the high cost of leaving.


Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Listener"


Boling's postulate:
	If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.


Hear about...
	the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
	Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.


Motto of the Electrical Engineer:
	Working computer hardware is a lot like an erect penis: it
	stays up as long as you don't fuck with it.


Excessive login messages are a sure sign of senility.


There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be
offered: entertainment, food, and affection.  It is customary to begin
a series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount
of food, and the merest suggestion of affection.  As the amount of
affection increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately.
When the affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating.
Under no circumstances can the food be omitted.
		-- Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly Correct Behavior


Fuck off and die!


She made a thing of soft leather,
And topped off the end with a feather.
	When she poked it inside her
	She took off like a glider,
And gave up her lover forever.


QOTD:
	"I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD."


A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes


Two hundred years ago today, Irma Chine of White Plains, New York, was
performing her normal housekeeping routines.  She was interrupted by
British soldiers who, rallying to the call of their supervisor, General
Hughes, sought to gain control of the voter registration lists kept in
her home.  Masking her fear and thinking fast, Mrs. Chine quickly divided
a nearby apple in two and deftly stored the list in its center.  Upon
entering, the British blatantly violated every conceivable convention,
and, though they went through the house virtually bit by bit, their
search was fruitless.  They had to return empty handed.  Word of the
incident propagated rapidly through the region.  This historic event
became the first documented use of core storage for the saving of registers.


Impartial, adj.:
	Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from
	espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two
	conflicting opinions.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You'll be sorry...


If you can't read this, blame a teacher.


A '49er walked into the saloon at Bloody Gulch.  He'd been prospecting for
more than a year.
	"Hey!  Y'got any wimmen around here?"
	"Nope," the bartender replied, "But there's George in the back room."
	"I don't go for that kind of thing," the prospector scowled.  He
downed his drink and left disgustedly.
A few months passed before the miner found his way down the mountain again.
He stumbled into the tavern and asked the bartender, "Any wimmen pass through
this part of town?"
	"Nope.  Nary a one.  But we still got George in the back room."
	Angry, the miner shouted, "I told you I don't go for that kind of
thing," and turned on his heel and left.
	Within a year he came back from his mine again.  With a wild look on
his face he re-entered the saloon.  Leaning over the bar he whispered to the
bartender, "If I was to go into the back room with George, how many people
'round here would know?"
	"Oh," the bartender said, scratching his chin, "'bout seven, I guess."
	"Seven!?"
	"Yep.  You, me, George, and the four men holdin' him down.  You see,
George don't go for that kind of thing neither."


The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it
is your move.
		-- Frank Crane


It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is
the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many other languages
"You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


I know the answer!  The answer lies within the heart of all mankind!
The answer is twelve?  I think I'm in the wrong building.
		-- Charles Schulz


HERPES:
	The final proof that 'tis better to give than to receive.
	Much better.


For three days after death hair and fingernails
continue to grow, but phone calls taper off.
		-- Johnny Carson


Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb:
	Never use your thumb for a rule.
	You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.


Give me the avowed, the erect, the manly foe,
Bold I can meet -- perhaps may turn his blow!
But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send,
Save me, oh save me from the candid friend.
		-- George Canning


If researchers wrote nursery rhymes...

Little Miss Muffet sat on her gluteal region,
Eating components of soured milk.
On at least one occasion,
	along came an arachnid and sat down beside her,
Or at least in her vicinity,
And caused her to feel an overwhelming, but not paralyzing, fear,
Which motivated the patient to leave the area rather quickly.
		-- Ann Melugin Williams


Adding features does not necessarily increase
functionality -- it just makes the manuals thicker.


Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.


Strange things are done to be number one
In selling the computer			The Druids were entrepreneurs,
IBM has their strategem			And they built a granite box
Which steadily grows acuter,		It tracked the moon, warned of monsoons,
And Honeywell competes like Hell,	And forecast the equinox
But the story's missing link		Their price was right, their future
Is the system old at Stonemenge sold		bright,
By the firm of Druids, Inc.		The prototype was sold;
					From Stonehenge site their bits and byte
					Would ship for Celtic gold.
The movers came to crate the frame;
It weighed a million ton!
The traffic folk thought it a joke	The man spoke true, and thus to you
(the wagon wheels just spun);		A warning from the ages;
"They'll nay sell that," the foreman	Your stock will slip if you can't ship
	spat,				What's in your brochure's pages.
"Just leave the wild weeds grow;	See if it sells without the bells
"It's Druid-kind, over-designed,	And strings that ring and quiver;
"And belly up they'll go."		Druid repute went down the chute
					Because they couldn't deliver.
		-- Edward C. McManus, "The Computer at Stonehenge"


Man-hour, n.:
	A sexist, obsolete measure of macho effort, equal to 60 Kiplings.


Blutarsky's Axiom:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.


Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.


Did you know that the voice tapes easily identify the Russian pilot
that shot down the Korean jet?  At one point he definitely states:

	"Natasha!  First we shoot jet, then we go after moose and
	squirrel."

		-- ihuxw!tommyo


QOTD:
	"I treat her like a thoroughbred, and she's STILL a nag!"


Three gay guys were discussing what they thought their favorite sport would
be.  The first decides on football, 'cause of all those gorgeous guys bending
over in their tight pants.
	"Definitely wrestling," sighs the second guy.  "Those skimpy little
costumes, and think of the holds."
	"Definitely baseball," says the third guy.  "Why?  Well, I'd be
pitching with the bases loaded, the batter would hit a savage one-hopper
right to me, I'd catch it, and I'd just stand there while the other guys
rounded the bases.  Meanwhile, the crowd would be going crazy, screaming,
`Throw the ball, you cocksucker!' and that's what I like -- recognition!"


Don't see 'em this big out here, do they?
		-- Lyndon B. Johnson, exposing himself to reporters
		   in a public toilet during a tour of the Far East


He asked me if I knew what time it was -- I said yes, but not right now.
		-- Steven Wright


Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


Programmers do it until it goes down.


This was the most unkindest cut of all.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all alike.


There are many ways to say "I love you", but fucking is the fastest.


Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


You attempt things that you do not even plan
because of your extreme stupidity.


Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school
make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.


Justice is incidental to law and order.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover


A rolling disk gathers no MOS.


Newton's Fourth Law:  Every action has an equal and opposite satisfaction.


	A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another
finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact.  Someone pointed out that it's
the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.


Big M, Little M, many mumbling mice
Are making midnight music in the moonlight,
Mighty nice!


Man in stall:
	Hey, buddy?  Is there any toilet paper out there?
Man at sink:
	No, I don't see any.  Just a second...  Nope, none in
	any of the other stalls either.
A minute passes.
Man in stall:
	Say, buddy?
Man at sink:
	Yeah?
Man in stall:
	You got change for a ten?


Just yesterday morning, they let me know you were gone,
Suzanne, the plans they made put an end to you,
I went out this morning and I wrote down this song,
Just can't remember who to send it to...

Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain,
I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end,
I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend,
But I always thought that I'd see you again.
Thought I'd see you one more time again.
		-- James Taylor, "Fire and Rain"


Adopted kids are such a pain -- you have to teach them how to look
like you ...
		-- Gilda Radner


Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, "Coningsby"


	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."


Poland has gun control.


Harrison's Postulate:
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.


6802 hackers make great use of the SEX instruction.


Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying
to tell you `there's a time for work and a time for play'
never find the time for play?


Q:	How do you know when it's time to wash the dishes?
A:	Look inside your pants; if you have a penis, it's not time.


Thyme's Law:
	Everything goes wrong at once.


Save the bales!


Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
		-- J. Winter Smith


There is only one thing in the world worse than being
talked about, and that is not being talked about.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.


Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.


Put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!


Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know
what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
		-- Bertrand Russell


The human animal differs from the lesser
primates in his passion for lists of "Ten Best".
		-- H. Allen Smith


I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.  I don't see why
I should have to believe in it in this one.
		-- Strange de Jim


The Utah version of this joke goes:
	One of the Council of the Twelve runs breathlessly into the Presidents'
office one day.  The President looks up and says "Brother, what is so important
that you ran all the way here, losing your breath?"
	The Council member finally regains his breath, and says "The Savior is
in the lobby!!"
	The President immediate starts for the door, crying "It has come!  The
prophecies are fulfilled!  We are all about to be uplifted!"
	The Council member says "Wait!  You didn't let me finish!  She's...
black, and SHE IS PISSED!"


Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear -- kept us in
a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor -- with the cry of grave
national emergency... Always there has been some terrible evil to
gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it  by furnishing the
exorbitant sums demanded.  Yet, in retrospect, these disasters seem
never to have happened, seem never to have been quite real.
		-- General Douglas MacArthur (1957)


Jim Nasium's Law:
	In a large locker room with hundreds of lockers, the few people
	using the facility at any one time will all have lockers next to
	each other so that everybody is cramped.


UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that
would also stop you from doing clever things.
		-- Doug Gwyn


The bishop of Alexandretta
Loved a girl and he couldn't forget her.
	So he thought he'd enshrine her
	As the Holy Vagina
In the Church of the Sacred French Letter.


In reply to a message by Scott Long:

> Note: this amounts to life support for floppies.  The end IS coming.

Say it ain't so!  If you establish a dangerous trend like this in
your support for floppy booting, the next thing you know, some
computer manufacturer will start shipping machines without ANY FLOPPY
DRIVE AT ALL, leading to the infocalypse, the four horsemen pouring
their vials upon the earth, the birth of the anti-christ (or PERL 6,
whichever comes first), dogs and cats living together, etc.

It's the end of days, I tell you!  The end!  Can the FreeBSD/NetBSD
merger be that far off?
		-- Jordan Hubbard (31 January 2006)


The rights you have are the rights given you by this Committee [the
House Un-American Activities Committee].  We will determine what rights
you have and what rights you have not got.
		-- J. Parnell Thomas


Everyone is entitled to my opinion.


APL is a natural extension of assembler language programming;
...and is best for educational purposes.
		-- Alan J. Perlis


===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.


Pandora's Rule:
	Never open a box you didn't close.


Proof techniques #1: Proof by Induction.

This technique is used on equations with 'n' in them.  Induction
techniques are very popular, even the military use them.

SAMPLE:  Proof of induction without proof of induction.

	We know it's true for n equal to 1.  Now assume that it's true
for every natural number less than n.  N is arbitrary, so we can take n
as large as we want.  If n is sufficiently large, the case of n+1 is
trivially equivalent, so the only important n are n less than n.  We can
take n = n (from above), so it's true for n+1 because it's just about n.
	QED.	(QED translates from the Latin as "So what?")


An office party is not, as is sometimes supposed the Managing Director's
chance to kiss the tea-girl.  It is the tea-girl's chance to kiss the
Managing Director (however bizarre an ambition this may seem to anyone
who has seen the Managing Director face on).
		-- Katherine Whitehorn, "Roundabout"


The infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is
a delight to moralists.  That is why they invented hell.
		-- Bertrand Russell


I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(20) There is a God.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Hoare's Law of Large Problems:
	Inside every large problem is a small
	problem struggling to get out.


Brain fried -- core dumped


Gnagloot, n.:
	A person who leaves all his ski passes on his jacket just to
	impress people.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"


We prefer to believe that the absence of inverted commas guarantees the
originality of a thought, whereas it may be merely that the utterer has
forgotten its source.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Any Number Can Play"


Satire is tragedy plus time.
		-- Lenny Bruce


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you
want to test a man's character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Work smarter, not harder, and be careful of your speling.


It's easy to forgive someone for being wrong;
it's much harder to forgive them for being right.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(32) The fact that American intellectuals rue a victorious United States
     is frightening and ominous.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
		-- Abraham Lincoln


Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born
to people you could not have possibly met.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
		-- Beckett


Weinberg's Second Law:
	If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
	then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
		-- Gerald Weinberg


A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic.
		-- Joseph Stalin


Sir Francis Drake circumcised the world with a 100 foot clipper.


Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.


If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of
rubbish into it.
		-- William Orton


Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions.
The surest poison is time.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Society and Solitude"


Our problems are so serious that the best
way to talk about them is lightheartedly.


Dorothy:	How can you talk if you haven't got a brain?
Scarecrow:	I don't know.  But some people without brains do an
		awful lot of talking, don't they?
		-- Judy Garland and Ray Bolger, "The Wizard of Oz"


PL/I -- "the fatal disease" -- belongs more to the problem set than to the
solution set.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5


Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.


Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go
away.
		-- Philip K. Dick


Uncle Sam comes off as the perverted relative who'll offer you a
bit of candy, but if you won't bend over for him, you get a beating.


JOB INTERVIEW:
	The excruciating process during which personnel officers
	separate the wheat from the chaff -- then hire the chaff.


<<<<< EVACUATION ROUTE <<<<<


"Whom are you?" said he, for he had been to night school.
		-- George Ade


For courage mounteth with occasion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King John"


