I'd walk a mile for a Camel, two for a hump.


Insanity is considered a ground for divorce, though by the very same
token it is the shortest detour to marriage.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.


"God gives burdens; also shoulders."

Jimmy Carter cited this Jewish saying in his concession speech at the
end of the 1980 election.  At least he said it was a Jewish saying; I
can't find it anywhere.  I'm sure he's telling the truth though; why
would he lie about a thing like that?
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"


You are confused; but this is your normal state.


If you see an onion ring -- answer it!


Verba volant, scripta manent!


YO-YO:
	Something that is occasionally up but normally down.
	(see also Computer).


Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.


Sometimes, too long is too long.
		-- Joe Crowe


I can write better than anybody who can write faster,
and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
		-- A. J. Liebling


	Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode
into the saloon.  As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man
galloped through town screaming, "Big Mike's comin'!  Run fer yer lives!"
	Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.  An enormous man, standing over
eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a
rattlesnake for a whip.  Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over
the bar, the giant thundered, "Gimme a drink!"
	The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man
guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.  He then stood aghast as
the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and
smacked his lips with relish.
	"Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?" the drifter stammered.
	"Naw, I gotta git outta here, boy," the man grunted.  "Big Mike's
a-comin'."


Political speeches are like steer horns.  A point
here, a point there, and a lot of bull in between.
		-- Alfred E. Neuman


Life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line.


When you're dining out and you suspect
something's wrong, you're probably right.


We have reason to believe that man first
walked upright to free his hands for masturbation.
		-- Lily Tomlin


WASP, n.:
	Someone who gets out of the shower to take a piss.


Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.


So many men and so little time.


3 syncs represent the trinity -- init, the child and the eternal zombie
process.  In doing 3, you're paying homage to each and I think such
traditions are important in this shallow, mercurial business we find
ourselves in.
		-- Jordan K. Hubbard


Forgive your enemies, but don't forget their names.
		-- John F. Kennedy


You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.


The Bible says that woman was the last thing God made.
Evidently He made her on Saturday night.  She reveals his fatigue.
		-- Dumas


At times discretion should be thrown aside,
and with the foolish we should play the fool.
		-- Menander


Programmers do it until it goes down.


	Now she speaks rapidly.  "Do you know *why* you want to program?"
	He shakes his head.  He hasn't the faintest idea.
	"For the sheer *joy* of programming!" she cries triumphantly.
"The joy of the parent, the artist, the craftsman.  "You take a program,
born weak and impotent as a dimly-realized solution.  You nurture the
program and guide it down the right path, building, watching it grow ever
stronger.  Sometimes you paint with tiny strokes, a keystroke added here,
a keystroke changed there."  She sweeps her arm in a wide arc.  "And other
times you savage whole *blocks* of code, ripping out the program's very
*essence*, then beginning anew.  But always building, creating, filling the
program with your own personal stamp, your own quirks and nuances.  Watching
the program grow stronger, patching it when it crashes, until finally it can
stand alone -- proud, powerful, and perfect.  This is the programmer's finest
hour!"  Softly at first, then louder, he hears the strains of a Sousa march.
"This ... this is your canvas! your clay!  Go forth and create a masterwork!"


Mathematicians do it with a small, imaginary part.


When I woke up this morning, my girlfriend asked if I had
slept well.  I said, "No, I made a few mistakes."
		-- Steven Wright


	*** STUDENT SUCCESSES ***

Many of our students have gone on to achieve great success in all fields of
programming.  One former student developed the concept of the personalized
form letter.  Does the phrase, "Dear Mr.(insert name), You may already be a
winner!," sound familiar?  Another student writes "After only five lessons I
sold a "My Most Unforgettable Program" article to Corrosive Computing magazine.
Another of our graduates writes, "I recently completed a database-management
program for my department manager.  My program touched him so deeply that he
was speechless.  He told me later that he had never seen such a program in
his entire career.  Thank you, Famous Programmers' school; only you could
have made this possible."  Send for our introductory brochure which explains
in vague detail the operation of the Famous Programmers' School, and you'll
be eligible to win a possible chance to enter a drawing, the winner of which
can vie for a set of free steak knives.  If you don't do it now, you'll hate
yourself in the morning.


Each of these cults correspond to one of the two antagonists in the age of
Reformation.  In the realm of the Apple Macintosh, as in Catholic Europe,
worshipers peer devoutly into screens filled with "icons."  All is sound and
imagery and Appledom.  Even words look like decorative filigrees in exotic
typefaces.  The greatest icon of all, the inviolable Apple itself, stands in
the dominate position at the upper-left corner of the screen.  A central
corporate headquarters decrees the form of all rites and practices.
Infallible doctrine issues from one executive officer whose selection occurs
in a sealed board room.  Should anyone in his curia question his powers, the
offender is excommunicated into outer darkness.  The expelled heretic founds
a new company, mutters obscurely of the coming age and the next computer,
then disappears into silence, taking his stockholders with him.  The mother
company forbids financial competition as sternly as it stifles ideological
competition; if you want to use computer programs that conform to Apple's
orthodoxy, you must buy a computer made and sold by Apple itself.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988


Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.


I am firm.  You are obstinate.  He is a pig-headed fool.
		-- Katharine Whitehorn


Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches.  If the vending machine
doesn't sell it, they don't eat it.  Vending machines don't sell
quiche.


You will never know hunger.


Real programmers disdain structured programming.  Structured
programming is for compulsive neurotics who were prematurely toilet-
trained.  They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise
clear desks.


17th Rule of Friendship:

A friend will refrain from telling you he picked up the same amount
of life insurance coverage you did for half the price when yours is
noncancellable.
		-- Esquire, May 1977


Rules for Good Grammar #4.
 1:	Don't use no double negatives.
 2:	Make each pronoun agree with their antecedents.
 3:	Join clauses good, like a conjunction should.
 4:	About them sentence fragments.
 5:	When dangling, watch your participles.
 6:	Verbs has got to agree with their subjects.
 7:	Just between you and i, case is important.
 8:	Don't write run-on sentences when they are hard to read.
 9:	Don't use commas, which aren't necessary.
10:	Try to not ever split infinitives.
11:	It is important to use your apostrophe's correctly.
12:	Proofread your writing to see if you any words out.
13:	Correct speling is essential.
14:	A preposition is something you never end a sentence with.
15:	While a transcendent vocabulary is laudable, one must be eternally
	careful so that the calculated objective of communication does not
	become ensconced in obscurity.  In other words, eschew obfuscation.


Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand


The ends justify the means.
		-- after Matthew Prior


Consider the little mouse, how sagacious an animal
it is which never entrusts its life to one hole only.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus


Always talk to your wife while you're
making love... if there's a phone handy.


	Attracted by repeated newspaper advertisements, and realizing that
his waist had gone both East and West despite his daily racquetball, a young
executive appeared at a local health resort.  Looking over the several weight
loss plans offered, he selected one guaranteed to reduce his weight by two
pounds per day.  After a light breakfast, and an almost non-existent lunch, he
was escorted to a large room, where a young, attractive woman told him that
"if he caught her, he could have her".  After an hour of hard running, he
finally gave up; and weighing himself, was comforted to realize that he had
lost just under three pounds.  Returning the next week, he chose the plan that
was to reduce his weight by four pounds per session.  After following the same
regimen, he was again escorted to a large room, but after two hours of running,
he caught the young woman.  Weight loss, just over four pounds.  Returning the
following week, he chose to lose eight pounds in a single day.  He was shown
to the largest room he'd seen, by far, where he was confronted by an extremely
muscular, burly man, who looked him square in the eye, flung his towel into
a corner, and snarled, "You know the rules.  Start running!"


Beneath this stone a virgin lies,
For her life held no terrors.
A virgin born, a virgin died:
No hits, no runs, no errors.


FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31

A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?


Life is difficult because it is non-linear.


You know the Norplant thing?  It's a new birth control device for women.
It's a cartridge, that goes in your arm.  Well, they're coming out with
a new one for men: it's a brain, that goes in your head.


Of his face she thought not very much,
But then, at the very first touch,
	Her attitude shifted --
	He was terribly gifted
At frigging and fucking and such.


What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!
A man can be happy with any woman so long as he doesn't love her.
		-- Wilde


There is a new model of car being sold in San Francisco --
the pervertible.  The top doesn't go down, but the driver does.


Q:	Why did Captain Kirk piss on the bridge?
A:	He wanted to boldly go where no man had gone before!


	A little dog goes into a saloon in the Wild West, and beckons to
the bartender.  "Hey, bartender, gimmie a whiskey."
	The bartender ignores him.
	"Hey bartender, gimmie a whiskey."
	Still ignored.
	"HEY BARMAN!!  GIMMIE A WHISKEY!!"
	The bartender takes out his six-shooter and shoots the dog in the
leg, and the dog runs out the saloon, howling in pain.
	Three years later, the wee dog appears again, wearing boots,
jeans, chaps, a Stetson, gun belt, and guns.  He ambles slowly into the
saloon, goes up to the bar, leans over it, and says to the bartender,
"I'm here t'git the man that shot muh paw."


Smile, Cthulhu Loathes You.


Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.


We sailed on the good ship Venus,
My God, you should have seen us
	With a figurehead
	Of a whore in bed
And the mast an upright penis

The captain of the lugger
Was known as a filthy bugger
	Declared unfit
	To shovel shit
From one ship to another

The first mate's name was Cooper,
By god he was a trooper
	He jerked and jerked
	Until he worked
Himself into a stupor

The cabin boy was chipper,
A dandy little nipper
	He shoved cracked glass
	Inside his ass
And circumcised the skipper

The captain's wife was Charlotte,
Born and bred a harlot
	Her thighs at night
	Were lily white
By morning they were scarlet

The captain's youngest daughter
Slipped into the water
	Her plaintive squeals
	Announced that eels
Had found her sexual quarter

The ship's dog's name was Rover,
They turned the poor beast over
	And ground and ground
	That faithful hound
From Tenerief to Dover


There is nothing new except what has been forgotten.
		-- Marie Antoinette


Think of it!  With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!


No one born with a mouth and a need is "innocent".
		-- Greg Bear


	A man was just settling down into his seat for a cross-country
flight when he noticed a beautiful woman sitting next to him, wearing a
large button with the letters "NAA" on it.
	"What's that?" he asked, pointing to her button.
	"Nymphomaniacs Association of America" she replied.
	After a moments thought he said, "Well, if you wouldn't mind my
asking, but I've always wanted to know, who are the best, ummm, `endowed'
men?"
	"Well, it's not what you think.  Native Americans.  They're better
hung than *anybody*."
	"And is it true that the French are the best lovers?"
	"No, Jewish men.  Once you finally get them going they can last
all night.  By the way, my name is Sue.  What's yours?"
	"Running Bear Sheldon."


Real Users know your home telephone number.


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Oh, when I was in love with you,
	Then I was clean and brave,
And miles around the wonder grew
	How well did I behave.

And now the fancy passes by,
	And nothing will remain,
And miles around they'll say that I
	Am quite myself again.
		-- A. E. Housman


You will have a long and boring life.


The control of the production of wealth
is the control of human life itself.
		-- Hilaire Belloc


Integrity has no need for rules.


Dear Mister Language Person: I am curious about the expression, "Part
of this complete breakfast".  The way it comes up is, my 5-year-old
will be watching TV cartoon shows in the morning, and they'll show a
commercial for a children's compressed breakfast compound such as
"Froot Loops" or "Lucky Charms", and they always show it sitting on a
table next to some actual food such as eggs, and the announcer always
says: "Part of this complete breakfast".  Don't that really mean,
"Adjacent to this complete breakfast", or "On the same table as this
complete breakfast"?  And couldn't they make essentially the same claim
if, instead of Froot Loops, they put a can of shaving cream there, or a
dead bat?

Answer: Yes.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"


