Missed the train at the railway station
Oh hell, blast, and damnation!
Asked a lady in there if she had the time,
She said "Yes", and a strong inclination.


Fuch's Warning:
	If you actually look like your passport photo, you aren't well
	enough to travel.


I'd rather have fingers than toes,
I'd rather have ears than a nose,
	And a happy erection
	Brought just to perfection
Makes me terribly sad when it goes.


APPOINTMENT BOOK:
	The reference of last resort when trying to duck undesired
	invitations ("Gee, the soonest I can pencil you in is
	December, 2039"), or when trying to figure out what the hell
	it was you did during the past year.


You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.


I do not care if half the league strikes.  Those who do will encounter
quick retribution.  All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks
the National League for five years.  This is the United States of America
and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
		-- Ford Frick, National League President, reacting to a
		   threatened strike by some Cardinal players in 1947 if
		   Jackie Robinson took the field against St. Louis.  The
		   Cardinals backed down and played.


Q:	What's a JAP's (Jewish American Princess) dream house?
A:	Fourteen rooms in Scarsdale, no kitchen, no bedroom.


Necrophilia, n.:
	Dropping in for a cold one.


FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#9

Has management potential:
	Because of his intimate relationship with inanimate objects, the
	reviewee has been appointed to the critical position of department
	pencil monitor.

Inspirational:
	A true inspiration to others.  ("There, but for the grace of God,
	go I.")

Adapts to stress:
	Passes wind, water, or out depending upon the severity of the
	situation.

Goal oriented:
	Continually sets low goals for himself, and usually fails
	to meet them.


It was a virgin forest, a place where the Hand of Man had never set
foot.


All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.


To err is human, but I can REALLY foul things up.


GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#7):  November 23, 1915

Pancake make-up is invented; most people continue to prefer syrup.


If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead


	"You boys lookin' for trouble?"
	"Sure.  Whaddya got?"
		-- Marlon Brando, "The Wild Ones"


"The testes are cooler outside,"
Said the doc to the curious bride,
	"For the semen must not
	Get too fucking hot,
And the bag fans your bum on the ride."


The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of
the group divided by the number of people in the group.


To err is human, to forgive, infrequent.


Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.  (Those who have already
paid may disregard this fortune).


Agnes' Law:
	Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.


A witty writer, K. Kraus in the Vienna "Fackel", has as it were, expressed
this truth paradoxically in the cynical saying: "Coitus is merely an
unsatisfactory substitute for onanism!"
		-- Sigmund Freud, attempting to explain why
		   masturbation is "by no means harmless"


Q:	Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
A:	It wasn't IBM compatible.


When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Sententiae"


De Hispanice puella verumque
Simplex oris verborumque
	Tulit potens vagina
	Hominum agmina
Iterum iterum iterumque.


Whatever doesn't succeed in two months and a half in California will
never succeed.
		-- Rev. Henry Durant, founder of the University of California


After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?  Surely not for
you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply
sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke


Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"

Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by
close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and
scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
		-- George Washington (1732-1799)


I wish you humans would leave me alone.


There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.


I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to
make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the
other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious
deficiencies.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare


F. Scott Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."


It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
		-- George Santayana


Love is like a friendship caught on fire.  In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.  As love
grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning
and unquenchable.
		-- Bruce Lee


Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream,
I wonder how the old folks are tonight,
Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face,
She left me not knowing what to do.

Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you,
Carefree Highway, you seen better days,
The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes,
Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you...

Turning back the pages to the times I love best,
I wonder if she'll ever do the same,
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied,
With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame...

Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep,
I wonder if the years have closed her mind,
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free,
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "Carefree Highway"


We are sorry.  We cannot complete your call as dialed.  Please check
the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance.

This is a recording.


It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.


If you hands are clean and your cause is just
and your demands are reasonable, at least it's a start.


She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring - they applaud.


Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.


Adolescence, n.:
	The stage between puberty and adultery.


By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity.
Another man's, I mean.
		-- Mark Twain


I get my exercise acting as pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
		-- Chauncey Depew


No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.


Q:	What is the last thing a Kansas stripper takes off?
A:	Her bowling shoes.


Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had
to be taught how not to.  So it is with the great programmers.


Jogger, n.:
	An odd sort of person with a thing for pain.


COMPASS [for the CDC-6000 series] is the sort of assembler
one expects from a corporation whose president codes in octal.
		-- J. N. Gray


When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?


I had a feeling once about mathematics -- that I saw it all.  Depth beyond
depth was revealed to me -- the Byss and the Abyss. I saw -- as one might
see the transit of Venus or even the Lord Mayor's Show -- a quantity passing
through infinity and changing its sign from plus to minus.  I saw exactly
why it happened and why tergiversation was inevitable -- but it was after
dinner and I let it go.
		-- Winston Churchill


40 isn't old.  If you're a tree.


No hardware designer should be allowed to produce any piece of hardware
until three software guys have signed off for it.
		-- Andrew S. Tanenbaum


Life is like a penis: when it's soft you can't beat it, and when it's
hard you get fucked.


Bipolar, adj.:
	Refers to someone who has homes in Nome, Alaska, and Buffalo,
New York


Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.


Dear Miss Manners:
Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.

Gentle Reader:
Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face.
If the gentleman sprayed you inadvertently to accompany enthusiastic
discourse, you may step back two paces, bring out your handkerchief,
and go through the motions of wiping your nose, while trailing the cloth
along your face to pick up whatever needs mopping along the route.  If,
however, the substance was acquired as a result of enthusiasm of a more
intimate nature, you may delicately retrieve it with a flick of your
pink tongue.


Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.


People who live in glass houses should ball in the basement.


Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to
twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!


Avoid reality at all costs.


Q:	What do you call a million cats at the bottom of Lake Michigan?
A:	A good start.


The big cities of America are becoming Third World countries.
		-- Nora Ephron


The story of the butterfly:
	"I was in Bogota and waiting for a lady friend.  I was in love,
a long time ago.  I waited three days.  I was hungry but could not go
out for food, lest she come and I not be there to greet her.  Then, on
the third day, I heard a knock."
	"I hurried along the old passage and there, in the sunlight,
there was nothing."
	"Just," Vance Joy said, "a butterfly, flying away."
		-- Peter Carey, BLISS


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(18) There is no such thing as "war atrocities." War is an atrocity.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


Your ignorance cramps my conversation.


Useful Farsi phrases for Americans traveling to Iran:

AKBAR KHALI-KILI HAFTIR LOTFAN.
	Thank you for showing me your marvelous gun.

FEKR GABUL CARDAN DAVAT PAEH GUSH DIVAR.
	I am delighted to accept your kind invitation to lie down
	on the floor with my arms above my head and my legs apart.

SHOMAEH FEKR TAMOMEH QEH GOFTEH BANDE.
	I agree with everything you have ever said or thought in your life.


There's no such thing as an original sin.
		-- Elvis Costello


It has long been an axiom of mine that the
little things are infinitely the most important.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Case of Identity"


My sex life hasn't been so good; either fist or famine.


Peace be to this house, and all that dwell in it.


Calvin Coolidge was the greatest man
who ever came out of Plymouth Corner, Vermont.
		-- Clarence Darrow


I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did.
I said I didn't know.
		-- Mark Twain


What would you do with a brain if you had one?
		-- Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, "The Wizard of Oz"


The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
		-- Sophocles


Did you know about the -o option of the fortune program?  It makes a
selection from a set of offensive and/or obscene fortunes.  Why not
try it, and see how offended you are?  The -a ("all") option will
select a fortune at random from either the offensive or inoffensive
set, and it is suggested that "fortune -a" is the command that you
should have in your .profile or .cshrc. file.


I love this fucking University, and this University loves fucking me.


Democracy is good.  I say this because other systems are worse.
		-- Jawaharlal Nehru


Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.


Each of these cults correspond to one of the two antagonists in the age of
Reformation.  In the realm of the Apple Macintosh, as in Catholic Europe,
worshipers peer devoutly into screens filled with "icons."  All is sound and
imagery and Appledom.  Even words look like decorative filigrees in exotic
typefaces.  The greatest icon of all, the inviolable Apple itself, stands in
the dominate position at the upper-left corner of the screen.  A central
corporate headquarters decrees the form of all rites and practices.
Infallible doctrine issues from one executive officer whose selection occurs
in a sealed board room.  Should anyone in his curia question his powers, the
offender is excommunicated into outer darkness.  The expelled heretic founds
a new company, mutters obscurely of the coming age and the next computer,
then disappears into silence, taking his stockholders with him.  The mother
company forbids financial competition as sternly as it stifles ideological
competition; if you want to use computer programs that conform to Apple's
orthodoxy, you must buy a computer made and sold by Apple itself.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988


Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.
Watch for it everywhere.


Brandy-and-water spoils two good things.
		-- Charles Lamb


It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.


Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.


Houdini escaping from New Jersey!


Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor):
	That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
	or subtracted from the answer you got, gives you the answer you
	should have gotten.


Beta test, v.:
	To voluntarily entrust one's data, one's livelihood and one's
	sanity to hardware or software intended to destroy all three.
	In earlier days, virgins were often selected to beta test volcanos.


The three laws of thermodynamics:
	(1) You can't get anything without working for it.
	(2) The most you can accomplish by working is to break even.
	(3) You can only break even at absolute zero.


Earth Destroyed by Solar Flare -- film clips at eleven.


Love is being stupid together.
		-- Paul Valery


I am firm.  You are obstinate.  He is a pig-headed fool.
		-- Katharine Whitehorn


Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing.
		-- Roy L. Ash, ex-president, Litton Industries


Once upon this midnight incoherent,
While you pondered sentient and crystalline,
Over many a broken and subordinate
Volume of gnarly lore,
While I pestered, nearly singing,
Suddenly there came a hewing,
As of someone profusely skulking,
Skulking at my chamber door.


You are magnetic in your bearing.


Think sideways!
		-- Ed De Bono


When he tried to inject his huge whanger
A young man aroused his girl's anger.
	As they strove in the dark
	She was heard to remark,
"What you need is a zeppelin hanger."


Larkinson's Law:
	All laws are basically false.


Sex is like air. It's not important unless you aren't getting any.


It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
And he laughing said to me:
"Pipe a song about a Lamb!"
So I piped with merry cheer.
"Piper, pipe that song again;"
So I piped: he wept to hear.
		-- William Blake, "Songs of Innocence"


C for yourself.


Ralph:	Lisa, you have no tits and an awful tight pussy.
Lisa:	Ralph... get off my back!!


There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.


Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
	Superiority is recessive.


I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers;
what I said was all saloonkeepers were Democrats.


You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but
only for a limited period of time.  Why should we think that collectively,
as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?
		-- Ronald Reagan


Who loves not wisely but too well
Will look on Helen's face in hell,
But he whose love is thin and wise
Will view John Knox in Paradise.
		-- Dorothy Parker


You don't have to be nice to people on the way up
if you're not planning on coming back down.
		-- Oliver Warbucks, "Annie"


Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.


There is a fly on your nose.


The only way for writers to meet is to share a quick pee over a common
lamp-post.
		-- Cyril Connolly, "Journal and Memoir"


Vail's Second Axiom:
	The amount of work to be done increases in proportion to the
	amount of work already completed.


Mistress Mary, quite contrary,
How does your garden grow?
With silver bells and cockle shells,
And one really fucked-up petunia.


	Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins. He spent his
time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea.  One day,
in a fit of inventive genius, he came up with a serum that would make
dolphins live forever!
	Of course he was ecstatic. But he soon realized that in order to mass
produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was
only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird.  Carried
away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and
steal one of these birds.
	Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was
escaping from its cage.  The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began
combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down
on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep.
	Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his
bird.  He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he
stepped absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his
car.  Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for
transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.


	Them Toad Suckers

How 'bout them toad suckers, ain't they clods?
Sittin' there suckin' them green toady frogs!

Suckin' them hop toads, suckin' them chunkers,
Suckin' them a leapy type, suckin' them flunkers.

Look at them toad suckers, ain't they snappy?
Suckin' them bog frogs sure make's 'em happy!

Them hugger mugger toad suckers, way down south,
Stickin' them sucky toads in they mouth!

How to be a toad sucker, no way to duck it,
Get yourself a toad, rear back, and suck it!
		-- Mason Williams


Logic doesn't apply to the real world.
		-- Marvin Minsky


Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
or
[May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
		-- Aelius Donatus


Jim, it's Grace at the bank.  I checked your Christmas Club account.
You don't have five-hundred dollars.  You have fifty.  Sorry, computer foul-up!


Five-foot nine, eyes that shine
He was born in Palestine
Has anybody seen my Lord?

He's so cool, he's so fine
Eat his bread and drink his wine
Has anybody seen my Lord?

He's so neat, he's so cool,
Walks across my swimming pool.
Has anybody...


10 Reasons Why a Beer is Better Than a Man:

 1. A beer will never invite friends home for dinner without calling.
 2. A beer won't think less of you if you can't name the Steelers'
	quarterback.
 3. A beer won't even act amazed if you can.
 4. You don't have to let a beer win.
 5. Just because you have dinner with a beer doesn't mean you have to
	sleep with it, too.
 6. A beer helps with the housework.
 7. A beer will never fumble with your bra.
 8. A beer will never take the newspaper apart before you've read it.
 9. A beer doesn't want you to raise its children.
10. A beer wouldn't mind if you wanted it to wear a condom.


A husky foreigner, looking for sex, accepted a prostitute's terms.  When
she undressed, he noticed that she had no pubic hair.  The man shouted,
"What, no wool?  In my country all women have wool down there."
	The prostitute snapped back, "What do you want to do, knit or fuck?"


So much
depends
upon
a red

wheel
barrow
glazed with

rain
water
beside
the white
chickens.
		-- William Carlos Williams, "The Red Wheel Barrow"


You will triumph over your enemy.


It seems a little silly now, but this country
was founded as a protest against taxation.


It pays in England to be a revolutionary and a bible-smacker most of
one's life and then come round.
		-- Lord Alfred Douglas


So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	There once was a man from Racine!
	Who invented a screwing machine!
		Both concave and convex,
		It could please either sex,
	But, oh, what a bastard to clean!

So it's ai yi yi yi,
Your girlfriend douches with Drano!
So sing me another verse that worse than the other verse,
And waltz me around by my willie!

	One night a girl had an affair!
	With a fellow all covered with hair!
		His enormous red whang,
		Gave her a wonderful bang --
	She'd been diddled by Smokey the bear!


Disks travel in packs.


Practical people would be more practical if
they would take a little more time for dreaming.
		-- J. P. McEvoy


No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon
lectures which are really worth the attending.
		-- Adam Smith, "The Wealth of Nations"


Theory of Selective Supervision:
	The one time in the day that you lean back and relax is
	the one time the boss walks through the office.


The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
		-- Herbert von Fritzlar


As an Englishman, an Aussie and a Scotsman are sitting in a pub, quaffing
a few, three flies buzz down from the ceiling and lazily circle each drinker.
Suddenly "buzzzzzzzzplooop", each fly does a kamakazi dive into a different
glass.
	The Englishman take a disgusted look at his pint, dips the fly out
with a spoon, flicks the fly over his shoulder, and drains the glass.
	The Aussie notices the fly as he puts the glass to his lips.  With
a quick puff he blows the bug out in a cloud of foam, and tosses the beer
down in one gulp.
	Then, as they both look on, awestruck, the Scotsman gently grasps the
fly by its wings, lifts it out of his brew and shakes it off.  Then, in a
firm voice he speaks to the fly: "There y'are now laddie, safe and sound.
NOW SPIT IT OOOOT!"


Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing
that way.


When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.


Thirty days hath Septober,
April, June, and no wonder.
all the rest have peanut butter
except my father who wears red suspenders.


We will follow Zarathustra,		We will worship like the Druids,
Zarathustra like we use to,		Dancing naked in the woods,
I'm a Zarathustra booster,		Drinking strange fermented fluids,
And he's good enough for me!		And it's good enough for me!
(chorus)				(chorus)

In the church of Aphrodite,
The priestess wears a see through nightie,
She's a mighty righteous sightie,
And she's good enough for me!
(chorus)

CHORUS:	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	Give me that old time religion,
	'Cause it's good enough for me!


Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.


When Snow White turns on with the dwarfs she probably winds up feeling Dopey.


As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there
is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Given sufficient time, what you put
off doing today will get done by itself.


All intelligent species own cats.


Two Swedish guys get of a ship and head for the nearest bars.  Each one
orders two vodkas and immediately downs them.  They they order two more
and once again quickly throw them back.  They then order two more.  When
they arrive, one of them picks up his glass, and, turning to the other,
toasts him, "Skoal!"
	The other turns to the first man and scolds, "Hey!  Did you come
here to screw around, or did you come here to drink?"


Well, my terminal's locked up, and I ain't got any Mail,
And I can't recall the last time that my program didn't fail;
I've got stacks in my structs, I've got arrays in my queues,
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

If you think that it's nice that you get what you C,
Then go : illogical statement with your whole family,
'Cause the Supreme Court ain't the only place with : Bus error views.
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

On a PDP-11, life should be a breeze,
But with VAXen in the house even magnetic tapes would freeze.
Now you might think that unlike VAXen I'd know who I abuse,
I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.
		-- Core Dumped Blues


Zeus gave Leda the bird.


NOTICE:
	Anyone seen smoking will be assumed to be on fire and will
	be summarily put out.


They wouldn't listen to the fact that I was a genius,
The man said "We got all that we can use",
So I've got those steadily-depressin', low-down, mind-messin',
Working-at-the-car-wash blues.
		-- Jim Croce


