If it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money.


Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature.  It's a piss-poor reptile
and not very much of a bird.
		-- Melvin Konner, from "The Tangled Wing", quoting a
		   zoologist who has studied the archeopteryx and found it
		   "very much like people".


I've already told you more than I know.


There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
		-- Ralph Nader


PRAIRIES:
	Vast plains covered by treeless forests.


Between infinite and short there is a big difference.
		-- G. H. Gonnet


Q:	What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
A:	Chewing gum.


Such a foolish notion, that war is called devotion,
when the greatest warriors are the ones who stand for peace.


Q:	What is the last thing a Kansas stripper takes off?
A:	Her bowling shoes.


All constants are variables.


Real Programmers don't write in PL/I.  PL/I is for
programmers who can't decide whether to write in COBOL or FORTRAN.


Not that we needed all that stuff, but when you get locked into a
serious drug collection the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"


My life is a soap opera, but who has the rights?
		-- MadameX


The solution of problems is the most characteristic
and peculiar sort of voluntary thinking.
		-- William James


It was at the eighth annual mouse convention and mice from near and far had
gathered for the ball.  A pretty little female mouse waltzed by the stag
line and one of the males whistled a low, dirty whistle to himself.
Turning to  another mouse he said, "Look at the legs on that bitch, aren't
they beautiful?"
	"Just fair," was the answer.
	"You're crazy," said the first mouse and then turning to another,
asked his opinion.
	"They're nice," said the third mouse, "but nothing to get excited
about."
	"Some mice have no appreciation," exclaimed the first mouse.  "Now
you," he said to a fourth mouse, "what did you think?"
	"To tell you the truth," was the reply, "I'm no authority on legs;
I'm a tit mouse myself."


Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
		-- Eric Hoffer


Buffy:	No!  You guys are gonna have a prom.  The kind of prom that
	everyone should have.  I'm going to give you all a nice, fun,
	normal evening; if I have to kill every single person on the
	face of the earth to do it!
Xander:	Yay.
		-- Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "The Prom"
		   Season 3, Episode 20


I have never been one to sacrifice
my appetite on the altar of appearance.
		-- A. M. Readyhough


The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.


Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants


Eschew obfuscation.


The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets. They have
yet to learn - only the savage fears what he does not understand.
		-- The Silver Surfer


Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.


Q:	What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?
A:	Getting fingered by Captain Hook!


The eye is a menace to clear sight, the ear is a menace to subtle hearing,
the mind is a menace to wisdom, every organ of the senses is a menace to its
own capacity. ...  Fuss, the god of the Southern Ocean, and Fret, the god
of the Northern Ocean, happened once to meet in the realm of Chaos, the god
of the center.  Chaos treated them very handsomely and they discussed together
what they could do to repay his kindness.  They had noticed that, whereas
everyone else had seven apertures, for sight, hearing, eating, breathing and
so on, Chaos had none.  So they decided to make the experiment of boring holes
in him.  Every day they bored a hole, and on the seventh day, Chaos died.
		-- Chuang Tzu


He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.


You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
		-- Ayn Rand


I am not now and never have been a girl friend of Henry Kissinger.
		-- Gloria Steinem


You'll wish that you had done some of the
hard things when they were easier to do.


Some men rob you with a six-gun -- others with a fountain pen.
		-- Woodie Guthrie


Tact consists in knowing how far to go in going too far.
		-- Jean Cocteau


Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee
And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.
		-- Robert Frost


I went on to test the program in every way I could devise.  I strained it to
expose its weaknesses.  I ran it for high-mass stars and low-mass stars, for
stars born exceedingly hot and those born relatively cold.  I ran it assuming
the superfluid currents beneath the crust to be absent -- not because I wanted
to know the answer, but because I had developed an intuitive feel for the
answer in this particular case.  Finally I got a run in which the computer
showed the pulsar's temperature to be less than absolute zero.  I had found
an error.  I chased down the error and fixed it.  Now I had improved the
program to the point where it would not run at all.
		-- George Greenstein, "Frozen Star:
		   Of Pulsars, Black Holes and the Fate of Stars"


Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
		-- Daniel Hudson Burnham


Pie are not square.  Pie are round.  Cornbread are square.


You can't make a program without broken egos.


