The trouble with a lot of self-made men is that they worship their creator.


Courage is grace under pressure.


The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
		-- Quintus Ennius


Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.


The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.  According
to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing severe
marketing anxiety in China.

The words "Coca-Cola" translate into Chinese as either (depending on the
inflection) "wax-fattened mare" or "bite the wax tadpole".

Bite the wax tadpole.  There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?

The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard to get
a whole column out of it.  I'd like to teach the world to bite a wax
tadpole.  Coke -- it's the real wax-fattened mare.  Not bad, but broad
satiric vistas do not open up.
		-- John Carrol, San Francisco Chronicle


You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
		-- E. A. Gilliam


Narcolepulacyi, n.:
	The contagious action of yawning, causing everyone in sight
	to also yawn.
		-- Rich Hall & Friends, "Sniglets"


You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
		-- William Blake


Unix is the worst operating system; except for all others.
		-- Berry Kercheval


Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower


Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery


You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.


I used to think I was a child; now I think I am an adult -- not because
I no longer do childish things, but because those I call adults are no
more mature than I am.


Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.


Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers.  My
opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them.  There's many a bestseller
that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
		-- Flannery O'Connor


A small town that cannot support one lawyer can always support two.


Legalize free-enterprise murder: why should governments have all the
fun?


Sometimes, too long is too long.
		-- Joe Crowe


Hear about...
	the over-eager bride who came, walking down the aisle?


You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.


Ignorance is the Mother of Devotion.
		-- Robert Burton


	A man sank into the psychiatrist's couch and said, "I have a
terrible problem, Doctor.  I have a son at Harvard and another son at
Princeton; I've just gifted each of them with a new Ferrari; I've got
homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Beach, and a co-op in New York; and I've
got a thriving ranch in Venezuela.  My wife is a gorgeous young actress
who considers my two mistresses to be her best friends."
	The psychiatrist looked at the patient, confused.  "Did I miss
something?  It sounds to me like you have no problems at all."
	"But, Doctor, I only make $175 a week."


Once Law was sitting on the bench
	And Mercy knelt a-weeping.
"Clear out!" he cried, "disordered wench!
	Nor come before me creeping.
Upon your knees if you appear,
'Tis plain you have no standing here."

Then Justice came.  His Honor cried:
	"YOUR states? -- Devil seize you!"
"Amica curiae," she replied --
	"Friend of the court, so please you."
"Begone!" he shouted -- "There's the door --
I never saw your face before!"
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Rome wasn't burnt in a day.


The three most dangerous things in the world are a programmer with a
soldering iron, a hardware type with a program patch and a user with
an idea.
		-- The Wizardry Compiled by Rick Cook


			Chapter 1

The story so far:

	In the beginning the Universe was created.  This has made a lot
of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"


Be frank and explicit with your lawyer ... it is his business to confuse
the issue afterwards.


As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic
schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve
The Problem, saving the documentation for later.


The woman who lives on the moon
Is still cherishing the balloon
	Of an earthling who'd come
	And given her some,
But had dribbled away all too soon.


Who the hell wants to hear actors talk?
		-- Harry Warner, Warner Bros. Pictures, c. 1927


When one knows women one pities men,
but when one studies men, one excuses women.
		-- Horne Tooke


Missed the train at the railway station
Oh hell, blast, and damnation!
Asked a lady in there if she had the time,
She said "Yes", and a strong inclination.


Laws are like sausages.  It's better not to see them being made.
		-- Otto von Bismarck


Do you think that illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?


The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
		-- Blaise Pascal


Chorus:
	Grandma got run over by a reindeer,
	Walking home from our house Christmas eve.
	You can say there's no such thing as Santa,
	But as for me and Grandpa, we believe!
She'd been drinking too much eggnog,
And we begged her not to go.
But she'd forgot her medication,	When we found her Christmas morning,
And she staggered through the door	At the scene of the attack.
	out in the snow.		She had hoofprints on her forehead,
					And incriminating claus-marks on her
Now we're all so proud of Grandpa,		back.
He's been taking this so well.
See him in there watching football.	I've warned all my friends and
Drinking beer and playing cards			neighbors,
	with cousin Mel.		Better watch out for yourselves!
					They should never give a license,
					To a man who drives a sleigh and
						plays with elves!
		-- Elmo and Patsy, "Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer"


Alright, yes, date, and shop, and hang out, and go to school ... and
save the world from unspeakable demons.  You know, I want to do girlie
stuff.
		-- Buffy, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, "Faith, Hope & Trick"
		   Season 3, Episode 3


Long, long ago, in the Old West, a rancher rode into town to buy supplies.
When he returned, he found that his whole family had been killed, his wife
raped, his house burned, and all his cattle rustled.  When he told his
distant neighbors about the tragedy, a few of them reported that the only
stranger they had seen in the area for weeks was a tall desperado wearing a
black hat and a red neckerchief.
	The cowboy saddled his fastest horse and set out to find the villian.
He searched for months but couldn't catch up with the culprit; in town after
dusty town he was told that a man fitting the description had been there but
had just departed; usually after some heinous crime.
	One evening after a hard day's ride he came into a town, tied his
horse, and entered the saloon.  At a table in the corner sat an ugly man,
with a black hat and a red neckerchief!  Slowly the cowboy stalked up to
this man, his hands resting upon his guns.
	"Are you the man who killed my family, raped my wife, burned my
house and rustled my cattle?"
	"Probably; after so many, how can I be sure?" snarled the bandit.
	"You better cut that shit out!"


Some people only open up to tell you that they're closed.


A.A.A.A.A., n.:
	An organization for drunks who drive.


According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never
dies.


Lake Erie died for your sins.


Swap read error.  You lose your mind.


If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.


A rich man told me recently that a liberal is a man who tells other
people what to do with their money.
		-- Imamu Amiri Baraka (Leroi Jones)


Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
		-- David Nichols


Meader's Law:
	Whatever happens to you, it will previously
	have happened to everyone you know, only more so.


I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
		-- Albert Einstein, on the randomness of quantum mechanics


Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.


Please, Mother!  I'd rather do it myself!


... it is easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the
sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all.  In other
words... their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their
superficial design flaws.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
		   on the products of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation


Q:	What do you call the scratches that you get when a female
	sheep bites you?
A:	Ewe nicks.


Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?


The meek shall inherit the Earth.
(But they're gonna have to fight for it.)


Since we cannot hope for order, let us withdraw with style from the chaos.
		-- Tom Stoppard


As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?


Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.


Physically there is nothing to distinguish human society from the
farm-yard except that children are more troublesome and costly than
chickens and women are not so completely enslaved as farm stock.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Getting Married"


	We don't claim Interactive EasyFlow is good for anything -- if you
think it is, great, but it's up to you to decide.  If Interactive EasyFlow
doesn't work: tough.  If you lose a million because Interactive EasyFlow
messes up, it's you that's out the million, not us.  If you don't like this
disclaimer: tough.  We reserve the right to do the absolute minimum provided
by law, up to and including nothing.
	This is basically the same disclaimer that comes with all software
packages, but ours is in plain English and theirs is in legalese.
	We didn't really want to include any disclaimer at all, but our
lawyers insisted.  We tried to ignore them but they threatened us with the
attack shark at which point we relented.
		-- HavenTree Software Limited, "Interactive EasyFlow"


Whatever became of eternal truth?


Q:	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
A:	One more drunk.


Q:	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
A:	A stick.


A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.


Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"


There's nothing to writing.  All you do is sit at a typewriter
and open a vein.
		-- Red Smith


Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.


Are you sure the back door is locked?


The trouble with doing something right the first
time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.


			Has your family tried 'em?

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

		 Heavens, they're tasty and expeditious!

	    They're made from whole wheat, to give shy persons
	   the strength to get up and do what needs to be done.

			   POWDERMILK BISCUITS

	Buy them ready-made in the big blue box with the picture of
	the biscuit on the front, or in the brown bag with the dark
		     stains that indicate freshness.


I accept chaos.  I am not sure whether it accepts me.  I know some people
are terrified of the bomb.  But then some people are terrified to be seen
carrying a modern screen magazine.  Experience teaches us that silence
terrifies people the most.
		-- Bob Dylan


Only God can make random selections.


To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser


There are two sides to every divorce: yours and the shithead's.


I was offered a job as a hoodlum and I turned it down cold.  A thief is
anybody who gets out and works for his living, like robbing a bank or
breaking into a place and stealing stuff, or kidnaping somebody.  He really
gives some effort to it.  A hoodlum is a pretty lousy sort of scum.  He
works for gangsters and bumps guys off when they have been put on the spot.
Why, after I'd made my rep, some of the Chicago Syndicate wanted me to work
for them as a hood -- you know, handling a machine gun.  They offered me
two hundred and fifty dollars a week and all the protection I needed.  I
was on the lam at the time and not able to work at my regular line.  But
I wouldn't consider it.  "I'm a thief," I said.  "I'm no lousy hoodlum."
		-- Alvin Karpis, "Public Enemy Number One"


Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon


I've been there.


Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.


That's the thing about people who think they hate computers.  What they
really hate is lousy programmers.
		-- Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle in "Oath of Fealty"


Another greeting card category consists of those persons who send out
photographs of their families every year.  In the same mail that brought the
greetings from Marcia and Philip, my friend found such a conversation piece.
"My God, Lida is enormous!" she exclaimed.  I don't know why women want to
record each year, for two or three hundred people to see, the ravages wrought
upon them, their mates, and their progeny by the artillery of time, but
between five and seven per cent of Christmas cards, at a rough estimate, are
family groups, and even the most charitable recipient studies them for little
signs of dissolution or derangement.  Nothing cheers a woman more, I am afraid,
than the proof that another woman is letting herself go, or has lost control
of her figure, or is clearly driving her husband crazy, or is obviously
drinking more than is good for her, or still doesn't know what to wear.
Middle-aged husbands in such photographs are often described as looking
"young enough to be her son," but they don't always escape so easily, and a
couple opening envelopes in the season of mercy and good will sometimes handle
a male friend or acquaintance rather sharply.  "Good Lord!" the wife will say.
"Frank looks like a sex-crazed shotgun slayer, doesn't he?"  "Not to me," the
husband may reply.  "to me he looks more like a Wilkes-Barre dentist who is
being sought by the police in connection with the disappearance of a choir
singer."
		-- James Thurber, "Merry Christmas"


But this has taken us far afield from interface, which is not a bad
place to be, since I particularly want to move ahead to the kludge.
Why do people have so much trouble understanding the kludge?  What
is a kludge, after all, but not enough K's, not enough ROM's, not
enough RAM's, poor quality interface and too few bytes to go around?
Have I explained yet about the bytes?


A beer delayed is a beer denied.


Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
		-- Milton Friedman


The City of Palo Alto, in its official description of parking lot standards,
specifies the grade of wheelchair access ramps in terms of centimeters of
rise per foot of run.  A compromise, I imagine...


Harry came into work on Monday feeling absolutely fine, and so was astonished
when his secretary urged him to lie down on the sofa; even more so when his
boss took one look at him and ordered him to take the day, if not the week,
off.  Even his poker buddies wouldn't have anything to do with him, insisting
that he go straight to bed.  Finally, tired of resisting everyone's advice,
he went to see his doctor, who took one look at him and rushed over with
a stretcher.
	"But doctor," he protested, "I feel fine."
Well, this was a puzzler, conceded the doctor, who proceeded to refer to the
enormous reference tomes behind his desk, muttering to himself.
	"Looks good, feels good...  No, you look like hell.  Looks good,
feels terrible...  Nah, you feel fine, right?"
Thumbing furiously through another volume, he said,
	"Looks terrible, feels terrible...  Nope, that won't do it either."
Finally, "Looks terrible, feels terrific... Aha!!  You're a vagina!"


Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase!)
Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace,
And saw, within the moonlight in his room,
Making it rich, and like a lily in bloom,
An angel writing in a book of gold.
Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold,
And to the presence in the room he said,
"What writest thou?"  The vision raised its head,
And with a look made of all sweet accord,
Answered, "The names of those who love the Lord."
"And is mine one?" said Abou. "Nay not so,"
Replied the angel.  Abou spoke more low,
But cheerly still; and said, "I pray thee then,
Write me as one that loves his fellow-men."
The angel wrote, and vanished.  The next night
It came again with a great wakening light,
And showed the names whom love of God had blessed,
And lo!  Ben Adhem's name led all the rest.
		-- James Henry Leigh Hunt, "Abou Ben Adhem"


Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.


If we relied conclusively on scientific data for every one of our
findings, I'm afraid all of our work would be inconclusive.
		-- Henry Hudson, of the Meese Pornography Commission, on
		   criticism of its conclusion that pornography causes sex
		   crimes.


A woman is like your shadow; follow her, she flies; fly from her,
she follows.
		-- Chamfort


Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.


Think of it!  With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!


: is not an identifier


Megaton Man:	"LOOK at them!  Helpless, tender creatures, relying on
		ME, waiting for ME to make my move!"

(from below):	"Move your ASS, Fat-head!"

Megaton Man:	"It is a MANDATE, and I am DUTY BOUND to OBEY!"


LET Jesus be YOUR anchor!

So when Satan rocks your boat, THROW Jesus overboard!


After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that
brought tears to my eyes.  He said, "No hablo ingles."
		-- Ronnie Shakes


Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.


Do people know you have freckles everywhere?


	"You mean, if you allow the master to be uncivil, to treat you
any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you
fit to hear his view of things?"
	"Quite the contrary.  You must defend your integrity, assuming
you have integrity to defend.  But you must defend it nobly, not by
imitating his own low behavior.  If you are gentle where he is rough,
if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as
potentially worthy.  If he does not, then he is not a master, after all,
and you may feel free to kick his ass."
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"


Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).


Oppernockity tunes but once.


	For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief
vacations at this country inn.  The last time he'd finally managed an
affair with the innkeeper's daughter.  Looking forward to an exciting
few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped
short.  There sat his lover with an infant on her lap!
	"Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?"
he cried.  "I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married,
and the baby would have my name!"
	"Well," she said, "when my folks found out about my condition,
we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and finally decided it would be
better to have a bastard in the family than a lawyer."


A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.
Buy the negatives at any price.


Coach: What's up, Norm?
Norm:  Corners of my mouth, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Fortune and Men's Weights

Coach:  What's shaking, Norm?
Norm:   All four cheeks and a couple of chins, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Snow Job

Coach:  Beer, Normie?
Norm:   Uh, Coach, I dunno, I had one this week.
	Eh, why not, I'm still young.
		-- Cheers, Snow Job


Hear about...
	the truck driver who pulled out to avoid a child and fell
	off the sofa?


Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.


