No man's ambition has a right to stand in
the way of performing a simple act of justice.
		-- John Altgeld


Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
		-- Anonymous


A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.  He explained
that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three
assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they
each propose to ensure a win.  When they reconvened the gangster started with
the engineer:

Gangster: OK, Mr. engineer, what have you got?
Engineer: Well, I've invented a way to weave metallic threads into the saddle
	  blanket so that they will act as the plates of a battery and provide
	  electrical shock to the horse.
G:	  That's very good!  But let's hear from the chemist.
Chemist:  I've synthesized a powerful stimulant that dissolves
	  into simple blood sugars after ten minutes and therefore
	  cannot be detected in post-race tests.
G:	  Excellent, excellent!  But I want to hear from the physicist before
	  I decide what to do.  Physicist?

Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion...


Hear about...
	the doctor that prescribed sex for insomnia?  His patients didn't
	get any more sleep, but they had more fun staying awake.


Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.


I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
		-- The Firesign Theatre


If all be true that I do think,
There be five reasons why one should drink;
Good friends, good wine, or being dry,
Or lest we should be by-and-by,
Or any other reason why.


Can't open /usr/games/fortunes.  Lid stuck on cookie jar.


Buy old masters.  They fetch better prices than old mistresses.
		-- Lord Beaverbrook


Q:	What do you call a truck load of vibrators?
A:	Toys for twats.


The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of
the group divided by the number of people in the group.


I'm a gay man trapped in a lesbian's body!
		-- The Queer Gospels of Madonna the Sloppily Conceived


The Rabbits				The Cow
Here is a verse about rabbits		The cow is of the bovine ilk;
That doesn't mention their habits.	One end is moo, the other, milk.
		-- Ogden Nash


People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
		-- Abigail Van Buren


Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.


You know very well that whether you are on page one or page thirty depends
on whether [the press] fear you.  It is just as simple as that.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


I can read your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(33) There will always be poor people.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.


All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
		-- Dante Alighieri


Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
		-- Dave Olson


The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
		-- Herbert von Fritzlar


I would like the government to do all it can to mitigate, then, in
understanding, in mutuality of interest, in concern for the common good,
our tasks will be solved.
		-- Warren G. Harding


Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
		-- Charlie McCarthy


Committee Rules:
	(1) Never arrive on time, or you will be stamped a beginner.
	(2) Don't say anything until the meeting is half over; this
	    stamps you as being wise.
	(3) Be as vague as possible; this prevents irritating the
	    others.
	(4) When in doubt, suggest that a subcommittee be appointed.
	(5) Be the first to move for adjournment; this will make you
	    popular -- it's what everyone is waiting for.


QOTD:
	"Some people have one of those days.  I've had one of those lives."


Is that really YOU that is reading this?


The man who laughs has not yet been told the terrible news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht


The only thing that stops God from sending a second Flood is that
the first one was useless.
		-- Nicolas Chamfort


Marigold:		Jealousy
Mint:			Virute
Orange blossom:		Your purity equals your loveliness
Orchid:			Beauty, magnificence
Pansy:			Thoughts
Peach blossom:		I am your captive
Petunia:		Your presence soothes me
Poppy:			Sleep
Rose, any color:	Love
Rose, deep red:		Bashful shame
Rose, single, pink:	Simplicity
Rose, thornless, any:	Early attachment
Rose, white:		I am worthy of you
Rose, yellow:		Decrease of love, rise of jealousy
Rosebud, white:		Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love
Rosemary:		Remembrance
Sunflower:		Haughtiness
Tulip, red:		Declaration of love
Tulip, yellow:		Hopeless love
Violet, blue:		Faithfulness
Violet, white:		Modesty
Zinnia:			Thoughts of absent friends
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.


A life spent in search of the perfect hash brownie is a life well spent.


Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from.  And when
you're on the lam like me, you appreciate a good cup of coffee.
		-- "Great Train Robber" Ronald Biggs' coffee commercial


You know what we can be like:  See a guy and think he's cute one minute, the
next minute our brains have us married with kids, the following minute we see
him having an extramarital affair.  By the time someone says "I'd like you to
meet Cecil," we shout, "You're late again with the child support!"
		-- Cynthia Heimel, "A Girl's Guide to Chaos"


The Great Movie Posters:

When You're Six Tons -- And They Call You Killer -- It's Hard To Make
Friends...
		-- Namu, the Killer Whale (1966)

Meet the Girls with the Thermo-Nuclear Navels!
		-- Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs (1966)

A GHASTLY TALE DRENCHED WITH GOUTS OF BLOOD SPURTING FROM THE VICTIMS
OF A CRAZED MADMAN'S LUST.
		-- A Taste of Blood (1967)


Wake up all you citizens, hear your country's call,
Not to arms and violence, But peace for one and all.
Crush out hate and prejudice, fear and greed and sin,
Help bring back her dignity, restore her faith again.

Work hard for a common cause, don't let our country fall.
Make her proud and strong again, democracy for all.
Yes, make our country strong again, keep our flag unfurled.
Make our country well again, respected by the world.

Make her whole and beautiful, work from sun to sun.
Stand tall and labor side by side, because there's so much to be done.
Yes, make her whole and beautiful, united strong and free,
Wake up, all you citizens, It's up to you and me.
		-- Pansy Myers Schroeder


Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent
person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
		-- Adlai E. Stevenson, to reporters


Sometimes I simply feel that the whole
world is a cigarette and I'm the only ashtray.


Most people prefer certainty to truth.


The number of feet in a yard is directly proportional to the success
of the barbecue.


Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe


Ashes to ashes, dust to dust,
If God won't have you, the devil must.


An egghead is one who stands firmly on both feet,
in mid-air, on both sides of an issue.
		-- Homer Ferguson


There is no such thing as inner peace.  There is only nervousness or death.
Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"


You can't have everything.  Where would you put it?
		-- Steven Wright


If Machiavelli were a programmer, he'd have worked for AT&T.


To defend the Saigon regime is not worth one more human life.
		-- Senator Edmund Muskie


Sex is what women have and men want.


The language of politics is poetry, not prose.  Jackson is poetry.
Cuomo is poetry.  Dukakis is a word processor.
		-- Richard M. Nixon, on Meet the Press, April, 1988


When the President does it, that means it is not illegal.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


Brady's First Law of Problem Solving:
	When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more
	easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger
	have handled this?"


There are two kinds of pedestrians... the quick and the dead.
		-- Lord Thomas Robert Dewar


Like punning, programming is a play on words.


A widow is more sought after than an old maid of the same age.
		-- Addison


If people concentrated on the really important things in life,
there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
		-- Doug Larson


Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin
with, that it's compounding a felony.
		-- Robert Benchley


Progress is impossible without change, and those who
cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw


A woman who is guided by the head and not by the heart is a social
pestilence: she has all the defects of the passionate and affectionate
woman, with none of her compensations; she is without pity, without
love, without virtue, without sex.
		-- Honore de Balzac


When I was seven years old, I was once reprimanded by my mother for an act
of collective brutality in which I had been involved at school.  A group of
seven-year-olds had been teasing and tormenting a six-year-old.  "It is
always so," my mother said.  "You do things together which not one of you
would think of doing alone."  ...  Wherever one looks in the world of human
organization, collective responsibility brings a lowering of moral standards.
The military establishment is an extreme case, an organization which seems
to have been expressly designed to make it possible for people to do things
together which nobody in his right mind would do alone.
		-- Freeman Dyson, "Weapons and Hope"


My idea of a wild party is where you throw the girls' panties at the wall
and they stick.
		-- Johnny Bob


"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak
	For anything tougher than suet;
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak --
	Pray, how did you manage to do it?"

"In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law,
	And argued each case with my wife;
And the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw,
	Has lasted the rest of my life."
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1865)


Well, it seems that there was this traveling saleswoman whose car broke
down, late at night, in the middle of a torrential downpour.  Hoping to
find a phone she ran to a nearby farmhouse.  When she was unable to find
a garage still open, the farmer told her that, while they were short of
beds, she could sleep with his daughter.  The daughter proved to eighteen
and beautiful.  So they went to bed, and shortly afterward, the saleswoman
rolled over toward the daughter and said, "Dear, I'm sure that you're aware
that some women like... to be with... other women.  Let me be frank..."
	"No!" interrupted the daughter, sternly.  "This time *I* want to
be Frank!"


The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
		-- T. Cheatham


You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.


No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.


Limericks are art forms complex,
Their topics run chiefly to sex.
	They usually have virgins,
	And masculine urgin's,
And other erotic effects.


The Worst Musical Trio
	There are few bad musicians who have a chance to give a recital at
a famous concert hall while still learning the rudiments of their
instrument.  This happened about thirty years ago to the son of a Rumanian
gentleman who was owed a personal favour by Georges Enesco, the celebrated
violinist.  Enesco agreed to give lessons to the son who was quite
unhampered by great musical talent.
	Three years later the boy's father insisted that he give a public
concert.  "His aunt said that nobody plays the violin better than he does.
A cousin heard him the other day and screamed with enthusiasm."  Although
Enesco feared the consequences, he arranged a recital at the Salle Gaveau
in Paris.  However, nobody bought a ticket since the soloist was unknown.
	"Then you must accompany him on the piano," said the boy's father,
"and it will be a sell out."
	Reluctantly, Enesco agreed and it was.  On the night an excited
audience gathered.  Before the concert began Enesco became nervous and
asked for someone to turn his pages.
	In the audience was Alfred Cortot, the brilliant pianist, who
volunteered and made his way to the stage.
	The soloist was of uniformly low standard and next morning the
music critic of Le Figaro wrote: "There was a strange concert at the Salle
Gaveau last night.  The man whom we adore when he plays the violin played
the piano.  Another whom we adore when he plays the piano turned the pages.
But the man who should have turned the pages played the violin."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"


A joint is just tea for two.


Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.


Marriage is an institution in which two undertake
to become one, and one undertakes to become nothing.


They just buzzed and buzzed...buzzed.


HOW TO REMOVE STAINS -- #28
	Semen stains can be removed from computer terminals with
	Fantastik or the like.  Use Windex on the glass however, and
	be sure to turn the power off if you have to clean between
	the keys.


May you have warm words on a cold evening,
a full moon on a dark night,
and a smooth road all the way to your door.


You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.


Major premise:
	Sixty men can do sixty times as much work as one man.
Minor premise:
	A man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds.
Conclusion:
	Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second.

Secondary Conclusion:
	Do you realize how many holes there would be if people
	would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?


The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but
because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
		-- Thomas Macaulay, "History of England"


	"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it for a toilet.
The rides are dilapidated to the point of being lethal, and could easily
maim or kill innocent little children."
	"Oh, so you don't like it?"
	"Don't like it?  I'm CRAZY for it."
		-- The Killing Joke


You can't get there from here.


Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien


Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.


You never gain something but that you lose something.
		-- Thoreau


Mencken and Nathan's Ninth Law of The Average American:
	The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the
	cork makes when it is popped.


Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes


Hear about...
	the young lady attacked in San Francisco?
	By two men, one held her down while the other one did her hair.


It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.


O'Brien held up his left hand, its back toward Winston, with the
thumb hidden and the four fingers extended.
	"How many fingers am I holding up, Winston?"
	"Four."
	"And if the Party says that it is not four but five --
		then how many?"
	"Four."
	The word ended in a gasp of pain.
		-- George Orwell


Woodward's Law:
	A theory is better than its explanation.


Huh?


Vila:	"I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life."
Orac:	"It is unlikely.  I would predict there are far greater mistakes
	waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."


I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so
desperately anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
		-- H. H. Munro, a.k.a. Saki, "Reginald on Worries"


I loved her with a love thirsty and desperate. I felt that we two might
commit some act so atrocious that the world, seeing us, would find it
irresistible.
		-- Gene Wolfe, "The Shadow of the Torturer"


This guy was screwing his neighbors wife when a car pulls into the drive.
"My husband!" she screams.  He panics and jumps out the window. He finds
himself on the street, naked, under cloudy skies. There is no place to hide
except in a crowd of joggers.  As he runs along, a woman looks over and says,
	"Do you always jog in the nude?"
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Does it always result in that kind of sexual excitement?" she asks.
	"Yes ma'am!" he replies.
	"Do you always wear a condom?"
	"Only when it rains, lady.  Only when it rains."


No man is useless who has a friend,
and if we are loved we are indispensable.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson


Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania


Why does a hearse horse snicker, hauling a lawyer away?
		-- Carl Sandburg


Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.


This life is yours.  Some of it was given
to you; the rest, you made yourself.


Many a bachelor feels the need to insert his masculinity.


When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman.  After school we'd
all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he would eat one of us.
It wasn't until later that I found out that Uncle Caveman was a bear.
		-- Jack Handey


	To A Quick Young Fox:
Why jog exquisite bulk, fond crazy vamp,
Daft buxom jonquil, zephyr's gawky vice?
Guy fed by work, quiz Jove's xanthic lamp --
Zow! Qualms by deja vu gyp fox-kin thrice.
		-- Lazy Dog


I never had Miss Defauw,
But it wouldn't have been quite so raw
	If she'd only said "No"
	When I wanted her so;
But she didn't -- she laughed and said "Naw!"


He was so gay he'd never lean his ass on a baseball bat --
scared it'd get serious.


Karlson's Theorem of Snack Food Packages:

For all P, where P is a package of snack food, P is a SINGLE-SERVING
package of snack food.

Gibson the Cat's Corollary:

For all L, where L is a package of lunch meat, L is Gibson's package
of lunch meat.


Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
		-- Francois de La Rochefoucauld


Cache:
	A very expensive part of the memory system of a computer that no one
	is supposed to know is there.


He knew the tavernes well in every toun.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer


Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the
Presidency.
		-- Richard M. Nixon


If there is any realistic deterrent to marriage, it's the fact that you
can't afford divorce.
		-- Jack Nicholson


Q:	Why are babies born with soft spots on their heads?
A:	So you can pick 'em up five at a time.


Gibble gabble gabble gibble gurgle lubble gibble babble beeble triggle
	Lean closer.
Libble gabble gabble ibble gurgle gubble tibble babble feeble riggle
	Smile at her *knowingly*.
Gibble gabble sabble gibble surgle gubble gibble babble beeble giggle
	Nod sympathetically.  Show you're on *her* side.
Bibble gabble gabble babble gurgle gubble gibble tribble beeble figgle
	Touch her hand lightly.  Nobody understands but we two.
Fibble gabble fobble gibble gurgle bubble gibble tabble beeble giggle
	Look sincere.

"Why don't we have the next drink up at MY place?"

	God's gift to women strikes again.
		-- J. Feiffer


Aphorism, n.:
	A concise, clever statement.
Afterism, n.:
	A concise, clever statement you don't think of until too late.
		-- James Alexander Thom


Distrust all those who love you extremely upon a very slight
acquaintance and without any visible reason.
		-- Lord Chesterfield


A man was griping to his friend about how he hated to go home after a
late card games.
	"You wouldn't believe what I go through to avoid waking my wife,"
he said.  "First, I kill the engine a block away from the house and coast
into the garage.  Then I open the door slowly, take off my shoes, and
tiptoe to our room.  But just as I'm about to slide into bed, she always
wakes up and gives me hell."
	"I make a big racket when I go home," his friend replied.
	"You do?"
	"Sure.  I honk the horn, slam the door, turn on all the lights,
stomp up to the bedroom and give my wife a big kiss.  `Hi, Alice,' I say.
`How about a little smooch for your old man?'"
	"And what does she say?" his friend asked in disbelief.
	"She doesn't say anything," his buddy replied.  "She always pretends
she's asleep."


It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is
the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many other languages
"You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris


Psychologist, n.:
	Someone who watches everyone else when an attractive woman walks
	into a room.


Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
		-- Aristophanes


Just remember, it all started with a mouse.
		-- Walt Disney


If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end.
		-- Mark Twain


Happiness, n.:
	An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of
	another.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.


Real wealth can only increase.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller


LASER:
	Failed death ray.


What's a cult?  It just means not enough people to make a minority.
		-- Robert Altman


FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #2
What to do...
    if you get a phone call from Mars:
	Speak slowly and be sure to enunciate your words properly.  Limit
	your vocabulary to simple words.  Try to determine if you are
	speaking to someone in a leadership capacity, or an ordinary citizen.

    if he, she or it doesn't speak English?
	Hang up.  There's no sense in trying to learn Martian over the phone.
	If your Martian really had something important to say to you, he, she
	or it would have taken the trouble to learn the language before
	calling.

    if you get a phone call from Jupiter?
	Explain to your caller, politely but firmly, that being from Jupiter,
	he, she or it is not "life as we know it".  Try to terminate the
	conversation as soon as possible.  It will not profit you, and the
	charges may have been reversed.


No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.


Subpoena, n.:
	From the root "sub", below, and the Latin "poena" for male
	organ or penis.  Therefore, "below the penis" or "by the balls."


You buttered your bread, now lie in it!


FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#9

Laundry:
	Women do laundry every couple of days.  A man will wear every article
of clothing he owns, including his surgical pants that were hip about eight
years ago, before he will do his laundry.  When he is finally out of clothes,
he will wear a dirty sweatshirt inside out, rent a U-Haul and take his mountain
of clothes to the laundromat.  Men always expect to meet beautiful women at
the laundromat.  This is a myth.

Nicknames:
	If Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle get together for lunch,
they will call each other Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle.  But if
Mike, Dave, Rob and Jack go out for a brewsky, they will affectionately
refer to each other as Bullet-Head, Godzilla, Peanut Brain and Useless.

Socks:
	Men wear sensible socks.  They wear standard white sweatsocks.
Women wear strange socks.  They are cut way below the ankles, have pictures
of clouds on them, and have a big fuzzy ball on the back.


A young man walks into a bus station, and goes into the men's room to relieve
himself.  When he steps in he sees a leprechaun with the most enormous penis
he has ever seen.  As he urinates, he cannot avoid spying on the giant member
of the tiny man dressed in green.  The leprechaun zips up and the man asks him
if he is indeed a real leprechaun.
	The little man says, "Aye, me laddie, I'm a leprechaun, and I can
grant you three wishes."
	"Oh, wow!" comes the reply, "What do I need to do?"
	"Well, havin' such a large cock makes it a bit awkward with the
ladies, the thing not fittin' and all...  I'll grant you your three wishes
if you wouldn't mind suckin' me dick 'til I come."  The man is a bit taken
aback, but agrees, realizing that the three wishes will be priceless.  After
the tiny fellow has come, he starts to walk away.
	The man exclaims, "Hey, what about my three wishes?"
	Replies the leprechaun, "How old are you, me boy?"
	"25."
	"Aren't you a wee bit old to be believin' in leprechauns?"


Men were real men, women were real women, and small, furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri were REAL small, furry creatures from Alpha Centauri.
Spirits were brave, men boldly split infinitives that no man had split
before.  Thus was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.
		-- Clifton Fadiman


It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper


The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds
the other fellow of a dull one.
		-- Sid Caesar


Peace is much more precious than a piece
of land... let there be no more wars.
		-- Mohammed Anwar Sadat (1918-1981)


Ascend to the high mountain pass,
Cross the shallow side of the wide ocean.
Do not give up to the great distance:
It's by going that you will reach your aim.
Be not discouraged by human frailty:
You will overcome it if you try to.
		-- Chinggis (Genghis) Khan


Special tonight, the best toot in town at prices you won't believe!!
Also, the finest dope, brought all the way from Columbia by spirited
young adventurers.  All available tonight, as usual, in the graduate
students bullpen from 11: pm on, usual terms and conditions.
Faculty members especially welcome.


What's the worst thing about being an atheist?
Noone to talk to when you're having an orgasm.


Reputation, adj.:
	What others are not thinking about you.


Nothing is but what is not.


Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a
faster rat!!!


Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.


Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
		-- Mark Twain


God shows his contempt for wealth by the kind of person he selects
to receive it.
		-- Austin O'Malley


