Avoid reality at all costs.


	"I think my wife may be getting somewhat overweight.
	"Oh, how can you tell?"
	"Well, last night when she sat on my face, I couldn't
hear the stereo."


Boy, I sure wish that I could be in the
'Advanced Systems Development' group!


In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty.
		-- Thomas Jefferson


A stitch in time saves nine.


Teen-age prostitution: the problem is mounting!


It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.


Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
		-- Joseph Alsop


My ritual differs slightly.  What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I
hop into the shower stall.  Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped
in I landed barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot
character from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off
of while he showers.  Then I hop right back into the stall because our dog,
Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up powerful
dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the bathroom and wants
to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any one of which -- bear
in mind that I am naked and, without my contact lenses, essentially blind
-- could result in the kind of injury where you have to learn a whole new
part if you want to sing the "Messiah," if you get my drift.  Then I hop
right back out, because Robert, with that uncanny sixth sense some children
have -- you cannot teach it; they either have it or they don't -- has chosen
exactly that moment to flush one of the toilets.  Perhaps several of them.
		-- Dave Barry


Q:	How do you catch a unique rabbit?
A:	Unique up on it!

Q:	How do you catch a tame rabbit?
A:	The tame way!


Man's lust for a bust is hardly recent,
Some say not even indecent.
But if you lust,
It's a must!


Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world isn't out to get you.


The myth of romantic love holds that once you've fallen in love with the
perfect partner, you're home free.  Unfortunately, falling out of love
seems to be just as involuntary as falling into it.


You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.


If you notice that a person is deceiving you,
they must not be deceiving you very well.


At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.


Although a fifth-generation American, Father Sweeny was more Irish than most
of Erin's natives.  He spoke with an Irish brogue which had mysteriously
appeared during his nineteenth year and he *hated* the English.  Due to his
proclivity to belabor the British from his pulpit, complaints to his
superiors were not infrequent.  He would blame anything evil or merely
inconvenient on the English people.  If there was an act of terrorism, the
responsibility was promptly laid at the feet of the Brits.  If there was a
natural disaster, undoubtedly the English government was an accessory to
the fact, if not outrightly culpable.  Repeatedly, his superiors called him
on the carpet for his behavior.  After a particularly vituperative
anti-British broadside, the Bishop instructed Father Sweeny to come straight
to his office; do not pass GO; do not collect two hundred dollars.  Summing
up a humiliating and soul-marking reprimand, the Bishop ended with: "Next
week is Saint Patrick's Day.  If you so much as *mention* the British, it's
your last sermon!"

The following Sunday, as Father Sweeny spoke lovingly and eloquently of
Saint Patrick, and he made a reference to the last Passover celebrated by
Christ and His disciples.  "Sure, an' you're all familiar with the tale.
You know that Our Lord sat at the table and told his disciples that one
among them would betray Him.  As He looked around the table, He stopped at
Peter, the Rock, who said, `Not I, Lord!'  He looked at Thomas, who doubted,
and Thomas said, `I could never do such a thing!'  Then the Lord looked long
and hard at Judas Iscariot, who said, `Cor, bloimy, Guv'na, you couldn't
main may!'"


To err is human, but when the eraser wears out
before the pencil, you're overdoing it a little.


We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little,
that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.


Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny


Good night, Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.


QOTD:
	"It's sort of a threat, you see.  I've never been very good at
	them myself, but I'm told they can be very effective."


Chemicals, n.:
	Noxious substances from which modern foods are made.


We are all dying -- and we're gonna be dead for a long time.


Almost anything derogatory you could say
about today's software design would be accurate.
		-- K. E. Iverson


Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than
each other.
		-- Ann Landers


Two Finns and a penguin are sitting on the front porch of a large house.  The
penguin is dripping in sweat; his owner looks down and says to the other Finn,
"Hey Urho, I want that you should take the penguin to the zoo, okay?"  The
owner then runs off to the sauna.  When he gets out of the sauna, he looks
up at the porch, and sure enough, there is Urho and the penguin, sweating
away.  So he yells out "Hey, Urho, I thought I told you to take the penguin to
the zoo, I did."  And Urho yells back "Yup, and tomorrow we're going to
the movies!"


AMAZING BUT TRUE...
	If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to
	end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.


Did you know that there are 71.9 acres of nipple tissue in the U.S.?


[He] took me into his library and showed me his books, of which he had
a complete set.
		-- Ring Lardner


Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.


Reader, suppose you were an idiot.  And suppose you were a member of
Congress.  But I repeat myself.
		-- Mark Twain


After living in New York, you trust nobody,
but you believe everything.  Just in case.


Two women are talking; one says to the other, "Say, weren't you dating that
cute French horn player?  What ever happened to him?"
	"Well," replies her friend, we're still seeing each other, but,
I must admit, we've had some problems."
	"Problems?  What's wrong?"
	"You see," says the second woman, "every time he kisses me, he
wants to shove his fist up my ass."


Go away, I'm all right.
		-- H. G. Wells' last words


A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate
cake without ketchup and mustard.


I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!


Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.


Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.
		-- Marechal Ferdinand Foch, Professor of Strategy,
		   Ecole Superieure de Guerre


Canonical, adj.:
	The usual or standard state or manner of something.  A true story:
One Bob Sjoberg, new at the MIT AI Lab, expressed some annoyance at the use
of jargon.  Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as
much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in.
Finally, in one conversation, he used the word "canonical" in jargon-like
fashion without thinking.
	Steele: "Aha!  We've finally got you talking jargon too!"
	Stallman: "What did he say?"
	Steele: "He just used `canonical' in the canonical way."


3rd Law of Computing:
	Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped


We may not like doctors, but at least they doctor.  Bankers are not ever
popular but at least they bank.  Policeman police and undertakers take
under.  But lawyers do not give us law.  We receive not the gladsome light
of jurisprudence, but rather precedents, objections, appeals, stays,
filings and forms, motions and counter-motions, all at $250 an hour.
		-- Nolo News, summer 1989


You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
		-- Peter Frampton


Morris left for a two-day business trip to Chicago.  He was only a few
blocks from his house, when he realized that he had left the airplane
tickets on his bureau top.  He returned and quietly entered the house.
His wife, in her skimpiest negligee, was standing at the sink washing
the breakfast dishes.  She looked so inviting that he tiptoed up behind
her, reached out, and squeezed her breast.
	"Leave only one quart of milk," she said. "Morris won't be here
for breakfast tomorrow."


The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.


Liar: one who tells an unpleasant truth.
		-- Oliver Herford


Look before you leap.
		-- Samuel Butler


Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
		-- Paul Gauguin


The rich get rich, and the poor get poorer.
The haves get more, the have-nots die.


California is proud to be the home of the freeway.
		-- Ronald Reagan


Some people have a way about them that seems to say: "If I have
only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk."


People need good lies.  There are too many bad ones.
		-- Bokonon, "Cat's Cradle" by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.


You can be replaced by this computer.


	To A Quick Young Fox:
Why jog exquisite bulk, fond crazy vamp,
Daft buxom jonquil, zephyr's gawky vice?
Guy fed by work, quiz Jove's xanthic lamp --
Zow! Qualms by deja vu gyp fox-kin thrice.
		-- Lazy Dog


Gossip, n.:
	Hearing something you like about someone you don't.
		-- Earl Wilson


Not drinking, chasing women, or doing drugs won't
make you live longer -- it just seems that way.


All men have the right to wait in line.


	Churchill was known to drain a glass or two and, after one
particularly convivial evening, he chanced to encounter Miss Bessie Braddock,
a Socialist member of the House of Commons, who, upon seeing his condition,
said, "Winston, you're drunk."  Mustering all his dignity, Churchill drew
himself up to his full height, cocked an eyebrow and rejoined, "Shove it up
your ass, you ugly cunt."
		-- "The Churchill Wit", National Lampoon


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(27) Soviet leaders were actually left-wing dictators.

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


