He who slings mud loses ground.
		-- Chinese proverb


It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
		-- Crazy Charlie


You are sick, twisted and perverted.
I like that in a person.


David Letterman's "Things we can be proud of as Americans":

	* Greatest number of citizens who have actually boarded a UFO
	* Many newspapers feature "JUMBLE"
	* Hourly motel rates
	* Vast majority of Elvis movies made here
	* Didn't just give up right away during World War II
		like some countries we could mention
	* Goatees & Van Dykes thought to be worn only by weenies
	* Our well-behaved golf professionals
	* Fabulous babes coast to coast


Any father who thinks he's all important should remind himself that this
country honors fathers only one day a year while pickles get a whole week.


Ask not for whom the Bell tolls, and you
will pay only the station-to-station rate.
		-- Howard Kandel


Robustness, adj.:
	Never having to say you're sorry.


The Great Movie Posters:

POWERFUL! SHOCKING! RAW! ROUGH! CHALLENGING! SEE A LITTLE GIRL MOLESTED!
		-- Never Take Candy from a Stranger (1963)

She Sins in Mobile --
Marries in Houston --
Loses Her Baby in Dallas --
Leaves Her Husband in Tucson --
MEETS HARRU IN SAN DIEGO!...
FIRST -- HARLOW!
THEN -- MONROE!
NOW -- McCLANAHAN!!!
		-- The Rotten Apple (1963), Rue McClanahan

*NOT FOR SISSIES! DON'T COME IF YOU'RE CHICKEN!
A Horrifying Movie of Weird Beauties and Shocking Monsters...
1001 WEIRDEST SCENES EVER!!  MOST SHOCKING THRILLER OF THE CENTURY!
		-- Teenage Psycho meets Bloody Mary (1964)  (Alternate Title:
		   The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and
		   Became Mixed Up Zombies)


A master was asked the question, "What is the Way?" by a curious monk.
	"It is right before your eyes," said the master.
	"Why do I not see it for myself?"
	"Because you are thinking of yourself."
	"What about you: do you see it?"
	"So long as you see double, saying `I don't', and `you do', and so
on, your eyes are clouded," said the master.
	"When there is neither `I' nor `You', can one see it?"
	"When there is neither `I' nor `You',
who is the one that wants to see it?"


Never raise your hand to your children -- it leaves your midsection
unprotected.
		-- Robert Orben


Character density, n.:
	The number of very weird people in the office.


I am a bookaholic.  If you are a decent
person, you will not sell me another book.


Moishe Margolies, who weighed all of 105 pounds and stood an even five feet
in his socks, was taking his first airplane trip. He took a seat next to a
hulking bruiser of a man who happened to be the heavyweight champion of
the world.  Little Moishe was uneasy enough before he even entered the plane,
but now the roar of the engines and the great height absolutely terrified him.
So frightened did he become that his stomach turned over and he threw up all
over the muscular giant siting beside him.  Fortunately, at least for Moishe,
the man was sound asleep.  But now the little man had another problem.  How in
the world would he ever explain the situation to the burly brute when he
awakened?  The sudden voice of the stewardess on the plane's intercom, finally
woke the bruiser, and Moishe, his heart in his mouth, rose to the occasion.
	"Feeling better now?" he asked solicitously.


Got Mole problems?
Call Avogadro at 6.02 x 10^23.


QOTD:
	"It *was* wonderfully polite of me.  Usually I call the kind of
	cretinous dipshit that pisses me off a 'fucking asshole.'"
		-- Richard Sexton


Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
		-- Herbert Hoover


COBOL is for morons.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra


Birth, n.:
	The first and direst of all disasters.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Oh don't the days seem lank and long
When all goes right and none goes wrong,
And isn't your life extremely flat
With nothing whatever to grumble at!


Don't feed the bats tonight.


Lincoln was elected to Congress in 1846.
Kennedy exactly one hundred years later in 1946.

Lincoln was elected president in November 1860.
Kennedy in November 1960.

Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy who urged him not to go to
the theatre.
Kennedy had a secretary named Lincoln who advised against his going
to Dallas.

Booth shot Lincoln in a theatre and ran off into a warehouse.
Oswald shot Kennedy from a warehouse and ran off into a theatre.

Lincoln was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.
Kennedy was succeeded by a Southerner named Johnson.

The first Johnson was born in 1808.
The second Johnson was born in 1908.

		-- Alistair Cooke, "Letter From America", Nov. 26, 2001


We have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out.


The reason Roman Catholics are allowed to use the
rhythm method of birth control is that it doesn't work.


Osborn's Law:
	Variables won't; constants aren't.


I have made this letter longer than usual
because I lack the time to make it shorter.
		-- Blaise Pascal


This guy makes an appointment with a doctor because his hemorrhoids are
really bothering him.  The doctor gives him some suppositories and tells
him to come back in a week for a checkup.  "How's it going?" he asks
the patient a week later.
	"I gotta tell you the truth, Doc," said the man.  "For all the
good these pills did me, I coulda shoved them up my ass."


Plastic...  Aluminum...  These are the inheritors of the Universe!
Flesh and Blood have had their day... and that day is past!
		-- Green Lantern Comics


Ego sum ens omnipotens


When you get what you want in your struggle for pelf,
And the world makes you King for a day,
Then go to the mirror and look at yourself,
And see what that guy has to say.
	For it isn't your Father, or Mother, or Wife,
	Who judgement upon you must pass.
	The feller whose verdict counts most in your life
	Is the guy staring back from the glass.
He's the feller to please, never mind all the rest,
For he's with you clear up to the end,
And you've passed your most dangerous, difficult test
If the guy in the glass is your friend.
	You may be like Jack Horner and "chisel" a plum,
	And think you're a wonderful guy,
	But the man in the glass says you're only a bum
	If you can't look him straight in the eye.
You can fool the whole world down the pathway of years,
And get pats on the back as you pass,
But your final reward will be heartaches and tears
If you've cheated the guy in the glass.
		-- "The Guy in the Glass"
		   Copyright 1934, Dale Wimbrow (1895-1954)
		   [Pelf is a Middle English word for wealth or riches,
		    especially when acquired dishonestly. Ed.]


XXXI:
	The optimum committee has no members.
XXXII:
	Hiring consultants to conduct studies can be an excellent means of
	turning problems into gold -- your problems into their gold.
XXXIII:
	Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
XXXIV:
	The process of competitively selecting contractors to perform work
	is based on a system of rewards and penalties, all distributed
	randomly.
XXXV:
	The weaker the data available upon which to base one's conclusion,
	the greater the precision which should be quoted in order to give
	the data authenticity.
		-- Norman Augustine


The fucking ain't worth the fighting.


Romance, like alcohol, should be enjoyed, but should not be allowed to
become necessary.
		-- Edgar Friedenberg


Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82


Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.


I know of a fortunate Hindu
Who is sought in the towns that he's been to
	By the ladies he knows,
	Who are thrilled to the toes
By the tricks that he makes his foreskin do.


Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening.
See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.


I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


My first basename is George "Catfish" Metkovich from our 1952 Pittsburgh
Pirates team, which lost 112 games.  After a terrible series against the
New York Giants, in which our center fielder made three throwing errors
and let two balls get through his legs, manager Billy Meyer pleaded, "Can
somebody think of something to help us win a game?"
	"I'd like to make a suggestion," Metkovich said.  "On any ball hit
to center field, let's just let it roll to see if it might go foul."
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"


Peace, n.:
	In international affairs, a period of cheating between two
	periods of fighting.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the
illiterates can read.
		-- Alberto Moravia


Ritchie's Rule:
	(1) Everything has some value -- if you use the right currency.
	(2) Paint splashes last longer than the paint job.
	(3) Search and ye shall find -- but make sure it was lost.


Living in LA is like not having a date on Saturday night.
		-- Candice Bergen


There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
		-- Helen Rowland


Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to
change his bed.
		-- Charles Baudelaire


Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're
alive.
		-- John Sloan


	Reporters like Bill Greider from the Washington Post and Him
Naughton of the New York Times, for instance, had to file long, detailed,
and relatively complex stories every day -- while my own deadline fell
every two weeks -- but neither of them ever seemed in a hurry about
getting their work done, and from time to time they would try to console
me about the terrible pressure I always seemed to be laboring under.
	Any $100-an-hour psychiatrist could probably explain this problem
to me, in thirteen or fourteen sessions, but I don't have time for that.
No doubt it has something to do with a deep-seated personality defect, or
maybe a kink in whatever blood vessel leads into the pineal gland...  On
the other hand, it might be something as simple & basically perverse as
whatever instinct it is that causes a jackrabbit to wait until the last
possible second to dart across the road in front of a speeding car.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing:
		   On the Campaign Trail"


Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence.
		-- Time Bandits


Cunnilingus is next to cleanliness.


Puritanism -- the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Book of Burlesques"


	A master was explaining the nature of the Tao to one of his novices,
"The Tao is embodied in all software -- regardless of how insignificant,"
said the master.
	"Is the Tao in a hand-held calculator?" asked the novice.
	"It is," came the reply.
	"Is the Tao in a video game?" continued the novice.
	"It is even in a video game," said the master.
	"And is the Tao in the DOS for a personal computer?"
	The master coughed and shifted his position slightly.  "The lesson is
over for today," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"


You know you have a small apartment when Rice Krispies echo.
		-- S. Rickly Christian


Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"


Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.


She liked him; he was a man of many qualities, even if most of them
were bad.


Your love life will be happy and harmonious.


Young men think old men are fools;
but old men know young men are fools.
		-- George Chapman


The [Ford Foundation] is a large body of money
completely surrounded by people who want some.
		-- Dwight MacDonald


The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.


I did not look behind me, 'till I got to St. Omer's & thence fled to America;
here I offer'd to become a Spy for the English Government which was scornfully
rejected; I then turned to Plunder & Libel the Yankees, for which I was fined
5000 Dollars & kicked out of the Country!  I came back to England (after
absconding for Seven years) & set up the Crown & Mitre to establish my Loyalty!
-- accepted from the Doctor L400 to print & disperse a pamphlet against "the
Hellfire of Reform" ... but applied the Money to purchase an estate at Botley,
& left ye Doctor to pay the Paper & Printing!  Being now Lord of the Manor, I
began by sowing the seeds of discontent through Hampshire; I oppressed the
Poor, sent the Aged to Hell, & damned the eyes of my Parish Apprentices before
they were open'd in the morning! ... and being now supported by a Band of
Reformers, I renewed my old favorite Toast of Damnation to the House of
Brunswick! & being exalted by the sale of 10,000 Political Registers every
week, I find myself the greatest Man in the World! except that Idol of all my
Adorations, his Royal and Imperial Majesty, NAPOLEONE!
		-- William Cobbett, British journalist


I know what you're up to, you white-feathered fiend!
Go release your bowels on some lesser personage!
		-- W. C. Fields, upon seeing a bird overhead


Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company.
	"Ever since they threatened to fire me."


According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never
dies.


Simulations are like miniskirts, they show a lot and hide the essentials.
		-- Hubert Kirrman


If only Dionysus were alive!  Where would he eat?
		-- Woody Allen


Force it!!!
If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway...
No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.


Imbalance of power corrupts and monopoly of power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Genji


Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.


Portable, adj.:
	Survives system reboot.


If you don't ride a camel to work, you ain't Sheeite.


If you don't count some of Jehovah's injunctions, there are no humorists
in the Bible.
		-- Mordecai Richler


Excerpt from a DEC field service document:

....
- none of these should have made it to customers.  BUT you could loosen the
screws and lift system board at fan end while powering on to see if OCP
comes up - this is not recommended unless you have three hands.


Most of your faults are not your fault.


Have you seen the latest Japanese camera?  Apparently it is so fast it can
photograph an American with his mouth shut!


One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at
the stake while the votes were being counted.
		-- Thomas B. Reed


And they shall beat their swords into plowshares, for if you hit a man
with a plowshare, he's going to know he's been hit.


A committee takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts and dies,
scattering the seed from which other committees will bloom.
		-- Parkinson


History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them
asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at
intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...  Truly the imago
state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
		-- Charles Darwin, from "Origin of the Species"


We must remember the First Amendment which
protects any shrill jackass no matter how self-seeking.
		-- F. G. Withington


The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians
who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool
all of the people all of the time.
		-- Franklin Adams


Hey, Jim, it's me, Susie Lillis from the laundromat.  You said you were
gonna call and it's been two weeks.  What's wrong, you lose my number?


The only people who make love all the time are liars.
		-- Louis Jordan


The unfacts, did we have them, are too
imprecisely few to warrant out certitude.


Rush Limbaugh's 35 Undeniable Truths of Life:

(25) Love is the only human emotion which cannot be controlled. You
     either do or you don't. You can't fake it. (Except women, and
     thank God they can.)

	-- "The Limbaugh Letter," Copyright 1992, EFM Publishing, Inc.


This was the most unkindest cut of all.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"


I watch television because you don't know what it will do if you leave it
in the room alone.


Keep up the good work!  But please don't ask me to help.


Chihuahuas drive me crazy.  I can't stand anything that
shivers when it's warm.


Words are the voice of the heart.


Welcome to UNIX!  Enjoy your session!  Have a great time!  Note the
use of exclamation points!  They are a very effective method for
demonstrating excitement, and can also spice up an otherwise plain-looking
sentence!  However, there are drawbacks!  Too much unnecessary exclaiming
can lead to a reduction in the effect that an exclamation point has on
the reader!  For example, the sentence

	Jane went to the store to buy bread

should only be ended with an exclamation point if there is something
sensational about her going to the store, for example, if Jane is a
cocker spaniel or if Jane is on a diet that doesn't allow bread or if
Jane doesn't exist for some reason!  See how easy it is?!  Proper control
of exclamation points can add new meaning to your life!  Call now to receive
my free pamphlet, "The Wonder and Mystery of the Exclamation Point!"!
Enclose fifteen(!) dollars for postage and handling!  Operators are
standing by!  (Which is pretty amazing, because they're all cocker spaniels!)


Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
		-- Charles DeGaulle


Shhh... be vewy, vewy, quiet!  I'm hunting wabbits...


The most happy marriage I can imagine to myself would be the union
of a deaf man to a blind woman.
		-- Samuel T. Coleridge


Q:	Somebody just posted that Roman Polanski directed Star Wars.
	What should I do?
A:	Post the correct answer at once!  We can't have people go on
	believing that!  Very good of you to spot this.  You'll probably
	be the only one to make the correction, so post as soon as you can.
	No time to lose, so certainly don't wait a day, or check to see if
	somebody else has made the correction.

	And it's not good enough to send the message by mail.  Since you're
	the only one who really knows that it was Francis Coppola, you have
	to inform the whole net right away!
		-- Brad Templeton, "Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions
		   on Netiquette"


In science it often happens that scientists say, "You know that's a really
good argument; my position is mistaken," and then they actually change
their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.  They really
do it.  It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are
human and change is sometimes painful.  But it happens every day.  I cannot
recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
		-- Carl Sagan, 1987 CSICOP keynote address


Adults die young.


The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.


Stupid, n.:
	Losing $25 on the game and $25 on the instant replay.


The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


Who's scruffy-looking?
		-- Han Solo


I have the simplest tastes.  I am always satisfied with the best.
		-- Oscar Wilde


Don't just eat a hamburger; eat the HELL out of it.
		-- J. R. "Bob" Dobbs


It shall be unlawful for any suspicious person to be within the
municipality.
		-- Local ordinance, Euclid Ohio


Well, see, Joyce, there we were, trapped in the elevator.  Now, I had
my tennis racquet and the goldfish; she was holding the Crisco.  Surely
you can imagine how one thing naturally led to another!


God instructs the heart, not by ideas,
but by pains and contradictions.
		-- De Caussade


The three faithful things in life are money, a dog and an old woman.


	A ten-year-old kid came home from school one day, and when his mom
asked how was school he says: "Gee, great, mom.  I got laid!"
	She's shocked and sends him upstairs, where his dad finds him after
work.  "Mommy told me about your day at school, Billy, and I think we men
should keep it a secret.  Women just don't understand these things."
	So every night Dad goes up to Billy's room after Mom tucks him in:
"You get laid today, Billy?"
	"Yeah, Dad."
	"How was it?"
	"Real neat, Dad, I liked it a lot."
	"Good Boy!".
	A month later: "You get laid today?"
	"No, Dad."
	"No?  How come?"
	"Gee, Dad, my ass is getting really sore."


This is Marilyn Reed, I wanta talk to you...  Is this a machine?
I don't talk to machines!  [Click]


You're already carrying the sphere!


A perfectly honest woman, a woman who never flatters, who never manages,
who never cajoles, who never conceals, who never uses her eyes, who never
speculates on the effect which she produces, who never is conscious of
unspoken admiration, what a monster, I say, would such a female be!
		-- Thackeray


The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
		-- Merrick Furst


The men sat sipping their tea in silence.  After a while the klutz said,
	"Life is like a bowl of sour cream."
	"Like a bowl of sour cream?" asked the other.  "Why?"
	"How should I know?  What am I, a philosopher?"


 1.  I'm Not Rudolph; That's Not My Nose
 2.  The Nutcracker Swede
 3.  Santa Goes Round-The-World
 4.  Not-So-Tiny Tim
 5.  Ninja Reindeer Killfest '88
 6.  Yes, Yes, Oh God Yes, Virginia
 7.  Crisco Kringle
 8.  Babes in Boyland
 9.  Santa's Magic Lap
10.  Hot Buttered Elves
		-- David Letterman, "Top Ten Christmas Movies in Times
		   Square"


"I finally found out what my ranch foreman husband really meant,"
sobbed the recent bride, "when he told me he'd love me 'til the
cows came home."


	SAFETY
I can live without
Someone I love
But not without
Someone I need.


Abstainer, n.:
	A weak person who yields to the
	temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Truth will be out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)


There is a Massachusetts law requiring all dogs to have their hind legs
tied during the month of April.


Women -- can't live with 'em, can't leave 'em by the curb when you're done.


Most people will listen to your unreasonable demands,
if you'll consider their unacceptable offer.


Your digestive system is your body's Fun House, whereby food goes on a long,
dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists and turns, being
attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and not knowing until the last
minute whether it will be turned into a useful body part or ejected into the
Dark Hole by Mister Sphincter.  We Americans live in a nation where the
medical-care system is second to none in the world, unless you count maybe
25 or 30 little scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in
seconds if we felt like it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Stay Fit & Healthy Until You're Dead"


You will forget that you ever knew me.


People don't usually make the same mistake twice -- they make it three
times, four time, five times...


Willie in the cauldron fell;		Willie saw some dynamite,
See the grief on mother's brow;		Couldn't understand it quite;
Mother loved her darling well --	Curiosity never pays:
Willie's quite hard-boiled by now.	It rained Willie seven days.

Little Willie with a shout,		William in a nice new sash,
Gouged the baby's eyeballs out;		Fell in the fire and burned to an ash.
Stamped on them to make them pop.	Now, although the room grows chilly,
Mother cried, "Now, William, stop!"	I haven't the heart to poke poor Billy.

William with a thirst for gore,		Little Willie mean as hell,
Nailed the baby to the door.		Threw his sister in the well!
Mother said, with humor quaint:		Said his mother when drawing water,
"Careful, Will, don't mar the paint."	"sure is hard to raise a daughter."
		-- Harry Graham, "Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes", 1899


I'm not a real movie star -- I've still got the same wife I started out
with twenty-eight years ago.
		-- Will Rogers


It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is
thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have
drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Overheard:
	"How do I feel?  Great!  And I kiss pretty good, too!"


Brontosaurus Principle:
	Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them
in relation to their environment and to their own physiology:  when
this occurs, they are an endangered species.
		-- Thomas K. Connellan


Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.


Reality must take precedence over public relations, for Mother Nature
cannot be fooled.
		-- R. P. Feynman


A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.


I'm hungry, time to eat lunch.


A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
		-- Lao Tsu


