Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is
when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.


I'm not the person your mother warned you about... her imagination isn't
that good.
		-- Amy Gorin


The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper
thoughts about their neighbours.
		-- F. H. Bradley


Men of quality are not afraid of women for equality.


I told my doctor I got all the exercise I needed being a
pallbearer for all my friends who run and do exercises!
		-- Winston Churchill


Truth is hard to find and harder to obscure.


We don't like their sound.  Groups of guitars are on the way out.
		-- Decca Recording Company, turning down the Beatles, 1962


Buy old masters.  They fetch better prices than old mistresses.
		-- Lord Beaverbrook


The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount
Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant is forever blessed.
		-- Old Japanese proverb


... and no philosophy, sadly, has all the answers.  No matter how assured
we may be about certain aspects of our belief, there are always painful
inconsistencies, exceptions, and contradictions.  This is true in religion
as it is in politics, and is self-evident to all except fanatics and the
naive.  As for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we
might be advised to leave them to heaven.  They will not, unfortunately, do
us the same courtesy.  They attack us and each other, and whatever their
protestations to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear
that they are easily disposed to restore to the sword.  My own belief in
God, then, is just that -- a matter of belief, not knowledge.  My respect
for Jesus Christ arises from the fact that He seems to have been the most
virtuous inhabitant of Planet Earth.  But even well-educated Christians are
frustrated in their thirst for certainty about the beloved figure of Jesus
because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record.  Such ambiguity
is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every recognized Bible scholar
is perfectly aware of it.  Some Christians, alas, resort to formal lying to
obscure such reality.
		-- Steve Allen


All parts should go together without forcing.  You must remember that the
parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you.  Therefore, if you
can't get them together again, there must be a reason.  By all means, do
not use a hammer.
		-- IBM maintenance manual, 1925


Have you heard of the lady named Cox
Who had a capacious old box?
	When her lover was in place
	She said, "Please turn your face.
I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."


For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.


Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain


Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
		-- Theophrastus


Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth


Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.
		-- Frederick Crane


		The Snack
Oh my God, screamed Mommy, You went and ate the Baby.

What baby? asked Daddy.  You know that's just the last of the leftover donkey.

Donkey, my ass! said Mommy with some sentience.  Do you think I don't
	recognize my own baby?  Why I can still see his little privates
	caught in the gap between your front teeth.  How many times have
	I told you to take only what's on the *top* two shelves of the freezer?

But there wasn't a thing to eat, cried Daddy.
	And am I not the master of my own?

Nothing to eat?
	What about the elephant testicles in aspic that I put up for you
	just last week in the ball jar?  Our very first baby, too, wailed
	Mommy, that I was saving for Christmas dinner.

Testicles, testicles, said Daddy.  A man gets tired of testicles.
		-- L.L. Zeiger


I think a relationship is like a shark.  It has to constantly move forward
or it dies.  Well, what we have on our hands here is a dead shark.
		-- Woody Allen


Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
		-- Rob Pike


Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven;
confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
		-- Josh Billings


Feeling amorous, she looked under the sheets and cried, "Oh, no,
it's Microsoft!"


Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other
forms that have been tried from time to time.
		-- Winston Churchill


File cabinet:
	A four drawer, manually activated trash compactor.


Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Go to a movie tonight.
Darkness becomes you.


Mr. Salter's side of the conversation was limited to expressions of assent.
When Lord Copper was right he said "Definitely, Lord Copper"; when he was
wrong, "Up to a point."
	"Let me see, what's the name of the place I mean?  Capital of Japan?
Yokohama isn't it?"
	"Up to a point, Lord Copper."
	"And Hong Kong definitely belongs to us, doesn't it?"
	"Definitely, Lord Copper."
		-- Evelyn Waugh, "Scoop"


This must be morning.  I never could get the hang of mornings.


Cunnilingus is next to cleanliness.


Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments.  Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove.
O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark,
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
    If this be error and upon me proved,
    I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
		-- William Shakespeare, Sonnet CXVI


Now of my threescore years and ten,
Twenty will not come again,
And take from seventy springs a score,
It leaves me only fifty more.

And since to look at things in bloom
Fifty springs are little room,
About the woodlands I will go
To see the cherry hung with snow.
		-- A. E. Housman


Man must shape his tools lest they shape him.
		-- Arthur R. Miller


Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with
a valentine.
		-- Christopher Plummer


Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
		-- Woody Allen


Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Fun for everyone.


Afternoon, n.:
	That part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted the
morning.


Because woman's work is never done and is underpaid or unpaid or boring or
repetitious and we're the first to get the sack and what we look like is
more important than what we do and if we get raped it's our fault and if we
get bashed we must have provoked it and if we raise our voices we're nagging
bitches and if we enjoy sex nymphos and if we don't we're frigid and if we
love women it's because we can't get a "real" man and if we ask our doctor
too many questions we're neurotic and/or pushy and if we expect community
care for children we're selfish and if we stand up for our rights we're
aggressive and "unfeminine" and if we don't we're typical weak females and
if we want to get married we're out to trap a man and if we don't we're
unnatural and because we still can't get an adequate safe contraceptive but
men can walk on the moon and if we can't cope or don't want a pregnancy we're
made to feel guilty about abortion and... for lots and lots of other reasons
we are part of the women's liberation movement.


The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest


[Nuclear war] ... may not be desirable.
		-- Edwin Meese III


Loud burping while walking around the airport is prohibited in
Halstead, Kansas.


Hatred, n.:
	A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's
	superiority.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


Dealing with the problem of pure staff accumulation,
all our researches ... point to an average increase of 5.75% per year.
		-- C. N. Parkinson


If you stick your head in the sand,
one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.


Stay the curse.


To those accustomed to the precise, structured methods of conventional
system development, exploratory development techniques may seem messy,
inelegant, and unsatisfying.  But it's a question of congruence:
precision and flexibility may be just as disfunctional in novel,
uncertain situations as sloppiness and vacillation are in familiar,
well-defined ones.  Those who admire the massive, rigid bone structures
of dinosaurs should remember that jellyfish still enjoy their very
secure ecological niche.
		-- Beau Sheil, "Power Tools for Programmers"


How many priests are needed for a Boston Mass?


Welcome thy neighbor into thy fallout shelter.
He'll come in handy if you run out of food.
		-- Dean McLaughlin


Harvard Law:
	Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
	temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
	organism will do as it damn well pleases.


Masturbation!  The amazing availability of it!
		-- James Joyce


	At his sentencing, Herbie Sperling proved that he was the all-time
stand-up guy.
	Sperling's lawyer made a lengthy, impassioned plea for his client.
He talked of mercy, justice, humanity to fellow men who have chosen the wrong
path.  Yes, the crimes were serious, yes, Mr. Sperling deserves a prison
sentence, but the maximum sentence was not warranted.
	Then the judge turned to Sperling.  "Mr. Sperling, is there anything
you wish to say?"
	"Yes, Your Honor.  If you think I'm going to beg for mercy, you've
got another think coming.  You're all a bunch of fucking fascist cocksuckers,
you can all go to hell, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you..."
		-- Gregory Wallace, "Papa's Game"


Writing is turning one's worst moments into money.
		-- J. P. Donleavy


The only thing that experience teaches us is that experience teaches
us nothing.
		-- Andre Maurois (Emile Herzog)


Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to cut roast beef.
		-- Tom Robbins


It is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but
it is also very memorable.  I vividly recall the night we decided how to
organize the actual writing of external specifications for OS/360.  The
manager of architecture, the manager of control program implementation, and
I were threshing out the plan, schedule, and division of responsibilities.
	The architecture manager had 10 good men.  He asserted that they
could write the specifications and do it right.  It would take ten months,
three more than the schedule allowed.
	The control program manager had 150 men.  He asserted that they
could prepare the specifications, with the architecture team coordinating;
it would be well-done and practical, and he could do it on schedule.
Furthermore, if the architecture team did it, his 150 men would sit twiddling
their thumbs for ten months.
	To this the architecture manager responded that if I gave the control
program team the responsibility, the result would not in fact be on time,
but would also be three months late, and of much lower quality.  I did, and
it was.  He was right on both counts.  Moreover, the lack of conceptual
integrity made the system far more costly to build and change, and I would
estimate that it added a year to debugging time.
		-- Frederick Brooks, Jr., "The Mythical Man-Month"


It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.


Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T. K.


When he tried to inject his huge whanger
A young man aroused his girl's anger.
	As they strove in the dark
	She was heard to remark,
"What you need is a zeppelin hanger."


Lady to Golf Pro: "I was stung by bees on your golf course!"
Pro:	"Ummm, well, where?"
Lady:	"Between the 1st and 2nd holes."
Pro:	"That's going to real tough to treat."


When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.


To err is human, two curs canine.
To err is human, to moo bovine.


Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way

Tired of lying in the sunshine		And then one day you find
Staying home to watch the rain		Ten years have got behind you
You are young and life is long		No one told you when to run
And there is time to kill today		You missed the starting gun

And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking
And racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death

Every year is getting shorter		Hanging on in quiet desperation
						is the English way
Never seem to find the time		The time is gone, the song is over
Plans that either come to nought	Thought I'd something more to say...
Or half a page of scribbled lines
		-- Pink Floyd, "Time"


If you fool around with something long
enough, it will eventually break.


When you speak to others for their own good it's advice;
when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.


In the days of old,
When Knights were bold,
	And women were too cautious;
Oh, those gallant days,
When women were women,
	And men were really obnoxious.


	A guy returns from a long trip to Europe, having left his beloved
dog in his brother's care.  The minute he's cleared customs, he calls up his
brother and inquires after his pet.
	"Your dog's dead," replies his brother bluntly.
	The guy is devastated.  "You know how much that dog meant to me,"
he moaned into the phone.  "Couldn't you at least have thought of a nicer way
of breaking the news?  Couldn't you have said, `Well, you know, the dog got
outside one day, and was crossing the street, and a car was speeding around a
corner...' or something...?  Why are you always so thoughtless?"
	"Look, I'm sorry," said his brother, "I guess I just didn't think."
	"Okay, okay, let's just put it behind us.  How are you anyway?
How's Mom?"
	His brother is silent a moment.  "Uh," he stammers, "uh... Mom got
outside one day..."


You will never know hunger.


He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.


As Gen. de Gaulle occasionally acknowledges America to be the daughter
of Europe, so I am pleased to come to Yale, the daughter of Harvard.
		-- John F. Kennedy


All the waters of the earth are in the armpit of the Great Frog.
		-- R. Crumb


If you are honest because honesty is the best policy,
your honesty is corrupt.


Voiceless it cries,
Wingless flutters,
Toothless bites,
Mouthless mutters.
What am I?


Woman, n.:
	An animal usually living in the vicinity of Man, and
	having a rudimentary susceptibility to domestication.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"


You can always tell the people that are forging the new frontier.
They're the ones with arrows sticking out of their backs.


	During a fight, a husband threw a bowl of Jello at his wife.  She had
him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon.
	In another fight, the wife decked him with a heavy glass pitcher.
She's a woman who conks to stupor.
	Upon reading a story about a man who throttled his mother-in-law, a
man commented, "Sounds to me like a practical choker."
	It's not the initial skirt length, it's the upcreep.
	It's the theory of Jess Birnbaum, of Time magazine, that women with
bad legs should stick to long skirts because they cover a multitude of shins.


Identify your visitor.


You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.


The average individual's position in any hierarchy is a lot like pulling
a dogsled -- there's no real change of scenery except for the lead dog.


Mos Eisley Spaceport; you'll not find a more
wretched collection of villainy and disreputable types...
		-- Obi-wan Kenobi, "Star Wars"


Q:	Why do men marry women?
A:	You can't teach sheep to do housework.


Follow me around.  I don't care.  I'm serious.  If anybody wants to put a
tail on me, go ahead.  They'd be very bored.
		-- Gary Hart, announcing his presidential candidacy,
		   commenting on rumors of womanizing.


Best of all is never to have been born.
Second best is to die soon.


If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.


Men's skin is different from women's skin.  It is usually bigger, and it
has more snakes tattooed on it.  Also, if you examine a woman's skin very
closely, inch by inch, starting at her shapely ankles, then gently tracing
the slender curve of her calves, then moving up to her ...

	[EDITOR'S NOTE: To make room for news articles about important
	 world events such as agriculture, we're going to delete the
	 next few square feet of the woman's skin.  Thank you.]

... until finally the two of you are lying there, spent, smoking your
cigarettes, and suddenly it hits you: Human skin is actually made up of
billions of tiny units of protoplasm, called "cells"!  And what is even more
interesting, the ones on the outside are all dying!  This is a fact.  Your
skin is like an aggressive modern corporation, where the older veteran cells,
who have finally worked their way to the top and obtained offices with nice
views, are constantly being shoved out the window head first, without so
much as a pension plan, by younger hotshot cells moving up from below.
		-- Dave Barry


Boss, n.:
	According to the Oxford English Dictionary, in the Middle Ages the
	words "boss" and "botch" were largely synonymous, except that boss,
	in addition to meaning "a supervisor of workers" also meant "an
	ornamental stud."


	Two little kids, aged six and eight, decide it's time to learn
how to swear. So, the eight-year-old says to the six-year-old, "Okay,
you say `ass' and I'll say `hell'".
	All excited about their plan, they troop downstairs, where
their mother asks them what they'd like for breakfast.
	"Aw, hell," says the eight-year-old, "gimme some Cheerios."
His mother backhands him off the stool, sending him bawling out of the
room, and turns to the younger brother.  "What'll you have?"
	"I dunno," quavers the six-year-old, "but you can bet your ass
it ain't gonna be Cheerios."


So, what's with this guy Gideon, anyway?
And why can't he ever remember his Bible?


Carson's Consolation:
	Nothing is ever a complete failure.
	It can always be used as a bad example.


VI:
	A hungry dog hunts best.
	A hungrier dog hunts even better.
VII:
	Decreased business base increases overhead.
	So does increased business base.
VIII:
	The most unsuccessful four years in the education of a cost-estimator
	is fifth grade arithmetic.
IX:
	Acronyms and abbreviations should be used to the maximum extent
	possible to make trivial ideas profound.  Q.E.D.
X:
	Bulls do not win bull fights; people do.
	People do not win people fights; lawyers do.
		-- Norman Augustine


To a New Yorker, the only California houses on the market for less than
a million dollars are those on fire.  These generally go for six hundred
thousand.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts"


Slang is language that takes off its coat,
spits on its hands, and goes to work.


If a guru falls in the forest with no one to hear him, was he
really a guru at all?
		-- Strange de Jim, "The Metasexuals"


User friendly software searching for friendly Hardware to interface with.
Hardware may present itself in floppy format as software has capability to
upgrading same to full size firm.  Size is not all that important; but byte
sized bandwidth required -- header width is of more concern.  Joystick should
be able to toggle in different speeds and for some duration.  Software is
looking for system willing to perform intensive manipulation of keyboard as
well as preparing the mainframe and disk drives.  Fingering of all files
permitted, and encouraged, before thrusting joystick into drive.  Software
is programmed not to copy; there is no need for removing joystick before
completed execution of program.  Program may be run several times per day...
especially if special features and options are utilized.


Anyone taking offence at fortune(s) is desperately lacking beer, in my
extremely humble opinion.
		-- Philip Paeps


You can do very well in speculation where
land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.


A drama critic is a person who surprises a playwright by informing him
what he meant.
		-- Wilson Mizner


Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.


Morris left for a two-day business trip to Chicago.  He was only a few
blocks from his house, when he realized that he had left the airplane
tickets on his bureau top.  He returned and quietly entered the house.
His wife, in her skimpiest negligee, was standing at the sink washing
the breakfast dishes.  She looked so inviting that he tiptoed up behind
her, reached out, and squeezed her breast.
	"Leave only one quart of milk," she said. "Morris won't be here
for breakfast tomorrow."


Coffee without caffeine.  Beer without alcohol.  Milk without fat.
What's next?  Bridal suites with bunk beds?
		-- Orben's Current Comedy


Well, some take delight in the carriages a-rolling,
And some take delight in the hurling and the bowling,
But I take delight in the juice of the barley,
And courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early.


I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet,		A posted message called me rotten
But seven people gave me hell		For ignoring mail I'd never gotten;
And said I ought to learn to spell;	An angry message asked me, Please
					Don't send such drivel overseas;
A lawyer sent me private mail
And swore he'd slap my ass in jail --	One netter thought it was a hoax:
I'd mentioned Un*x in my gem		"Hereafter, post to net dot jokes!";
And failed to add the T and M;		Another called my grammar vile
					And criticized my writing style.
Each day I scan each Subject line
In hopes the topic will be mine;
I shot a query into the net.
I haven't got an answer yet...
		-- Ed Nather


Given sufficient time, what you put
off doing today will get done by itself.


Q:	Why do men die before their wives?
A:	They want to.


Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
		-- Robert A. Heinlein


Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the
Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun.
Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-eight million miles is an
utterly insignificant little blue-green planet whose ape-descended life
forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches
are a pretty neat idea ...
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"


I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant


Here I sit, my cheeks a flexin',
Just gave birth to another Texan.


Every man who is high up likes to think that he has done
it all himself, and the wife smiles and lets it go at that.
		-- Barrie


Lucky, adj.:
	When you have a wife and a cigarette
	lighter -- both of which work.


The founding fathers tried to set up a judicial system where the accused
received a fair trial, not a system to insure an acquittal on technicalities.


The garden is in mourning;
The rain falls cool among the flowers.
Summer shivers quietly
On its way towards its end.

Golden leaf after leaf
Falls from the tall acacia.
Summer smiles, astonished, feeble,
In this dying dream of a garden.

For a long while, yet, in the roses,
She will linger on, yearning for peace,
And slowly
Close her weary eyes.
		-- Hermann Hesse, "September"


Watership Down:
You've read the book.  You've seen the movie.  Now eat the stew!


Communists do it without class.


Ritchie's Rule:
	(1) Everything has some value -- if you use the right currency.
	(2) Paint splashes last longer than the paint job.
	(3) Search and ye shall find -- but make sure it was lost.


A beautiful, voluptuous woman goes to see a gynecologist.  The doctor takes
one look at this woman and his professionalism is a thing of the past.  Right
away he tells her to undress.  After she has disrobed he begins to stroke her
thigh.  As he does this he says to the woman, "Do you know what I'm doing?"
	"Yes," she says, "you're checking for any abrasions or dermatological
abnormalities."
	"Correct," says the doctor.  He then begins to fondle her breasts.
"Do you know what I'm doing now?" he says.
	"Yes," says the woman, "you're checking for any lumps or breast
cancer."
	"That's right," replies the doctor.  He then gradually proceeds to
having sexual intercourse with her.  "Do you know," he pants, "what I'm doing
now?"
	"Yes," she says.  "You're getting herpes."


It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
		-- Cervantes


A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions
your wife asks you for nothing.
		-- Joey Adams


Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.  It can only lead
to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters
of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with
royal-blue chickens.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"


It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.


Say!  You've struck a heap of trouble--
Bust in business, lost your wife;
No one cares a cent about you,
You don't care a cent for life;
Hard luck has of hope bereft you,
Health is failing, wish you'd die--
Why, you've still the sunshine left you
And the big blue sky.
		-- R. W. Service


Famous last words:


You always introduce the younger person to the older person, using the
wording:  "Miss Brown, I'd like to introduce you to an older person"
(unless her name is not "Miss Brown").  If you do not know a person's
age, ask for a driver's license and a major credit card.  If you are
introduced to a member of a minority group, use the "high-five" style
handshake, followed by a remark designed to show you don't mind a bit,
such as "I see you are a (name of a minority group)!  Good!"
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"


We prefer to speak evil of ourselves
rather than not speak of ourselves at all.


I'm hungry, time to eat lunch.


You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.


The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.


Hear about...
	the cross-eyed shoe fetishist who was always getting off on the
	wrong foot?


We are simple killers of people and destroyers of property.


Confucius say:
	woman who ride bicycle peddle ass around town.
	fool man climb tree to get cherries;  wise man spread limbs.
	woman who fly upside down in airplane have big crack up.
	man who live in glass house should bathe in the basement.
	man who make love on ground have piece on Earth.
	man who lose key to girlfriend's apartment get no new key.
	man who fights with wife all day, gets not peace at night.
	man who make oral love to epileptic woman may get tongue-tied.
	man with head up ass have shitty outlook on life.
	man who streak unsuited for work.
	woman who bathe in vinegar have sour puss.
	man who beat off in car have hot rod.


An Ada exception is when a routine gets
in trouble and says "Beam me up, Scotty."


Where is John Carson now that we need him?
		-- RLG


It is hard to predict, in particular about the future.
		-- Robert Storm Petersen


If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
		-- Anatole France


You will have a long and boring life.


It's easy to forgive someone for being wrong;
it's much harder to forgive them for being right.


And having stretched me out upon his bed with my head a little to one side,
he sat down next to me and raised my head upon his lap.  He peered avidly at
me, his eyes seemed ready to devour the secretion oozing from my nose.  "Oh,
the pretty little snotface," said he, beginning to pant, "How I'm going to
suck her."  Therewith bending down over me, and taking my nose in his mouth,
not only did he devour all the mucus between my nose and mouth, but he even
lewdly darted the tip of his tongue into each of my nostrils, one after the
other, and with such cleverness he provoked two or three sneezes which
redoubled the flow he desired and was consuming so hungrily.  But ask me for
no details bearing upon this fellow, Messieurs, nothing appeared, and whether
because he did nothing, or because he did it all in his drawers, there was
nothing to be seen, and amidst the multitude of his kisses and lecherous
lickings there was nothing outstanding which might have denoted an ecstasy,
and consequently it is my opinion that he did not discharge.  All my clothes
were in place, even his hands stayed still, and I give you my word that this
old libertine's fantasy might be performed upon the world's most respectable
and least initiated girl without her being able to suppose there was anything
lewd in it at all.
		-- Marquis de Sade


HOST SYSTEM RESPONDING, PROBABLY UP...


Bringing computers into the home won't change
either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.


The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.


